"kimberly lindberg lorraine miller mary kay kilmer iii robert lokey teb veatch stephen martens donna cc: porter gregory j. pryor tony dornan dari x-sdoc: x-zlid: i will verify, but i believe the firm contracts we have filed with ferc totals mmcf/d. keith "" "	Business"j mara, alan comnes, jeff dasovich cc: bernadette hawkins, ginger dernehl, lysa akin, joseph alamo subject: ca ferc settlement coverage (in january) conf. call x-sdoc: x-zlid: a conf. call has been scheduled, by jim, for the above subject as follows: date: thursday, december time: cst number: (jim steffes listed as the host) location: (for those in houston) please confirm your attendance with me via e:mail thanks and call if you have any questions. gngr "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralplease match the following deals for jan feb and mar deal with 	Personal"dean, craig guzman, mark harasin, leaf linder, eric merriss, steven meyers, bert porter, david v. slinger, ryan solberg, geir symes, kate williams iii, bill subject: cuts x-sdoc: x-zlid: group, i have attached the following cut procedures that should be of benefit as we move into fire season. the sheet is very basic but spells out my expectations for handling a cut. the most important thing to remember is to document everything and call with questions. thanks, bill "" "	Business" we didn't buy anything from pan energy at centana mobil until april the so, we shouldn't pay for this gas. d katherine pm to: daren j cc: subject: re: centana mobil april panenergy purchase: deal gas in the amount of mmbtus for april was purchased from panenergy on deal # . however, scheduling has indicated that they have no sale for that gas on day one and as a result, it is not pathed in the system. could you please review this item and see if it should or shouldn't be a sale so that scheduling can either path april or i can dispute the volume being billed to us by pan energy. this is part of pan energy's exchange deal. katherine -------------------- forwarded by katherine herrera/corp/enron on pm --------------------------- carlos j am to: katherine cc: thu kristen j howard b subject: re: centana mobil april katherine as i told thu before (see below), i did not see any volumes for that deal in i think this volume is some residue that flow from the last day in march and probably should be allocated to that month. i dont show a deal to purchase or sell that gas in april. if you have any more questions please let me know, thanks. carlos katherine pm to: carlos j cc: thu kristen j howard b subject: re: centana mobil april deal this brokered gas in the amount of mmbtus for april was purchased from panenergy on deal # could you please review this item and see if it should be pathed, so that i may pay pan energy for the gas in question? katherine "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalno action required - this is an email test - please delete 	Neutraljoe: attached are the revised confirms for aig commodity arbitrage fund l.p. and aig commodity arbitrage fund ltd. let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. marie 	Business"peak off-peak region delivery date low high low high red numbers indicate flat, products. nw/n. rockies mid-columbia cob n. california midway/sylmar na na na na s. california mead palo verde inland sw central rockies "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" sorry about that. -----original appointment----- from: donoho, lindy sent: wednesday, october pm to: kedwaii, hasan subject: accepted: updated: ios when: thursday, october pm central time (us & canada). where: lisa's office where is lisa's office? "" "	Personalattachment not found! 	Neutral" rent as many dvds as you want for bucks a month. get a free trial today! when you rent from netflix, you'll never pay a late fee again! click here! netflix has the words largest selection of dvd titles - over free home delivery with prepaid return, and no late fees ever. it's easy to rent dvds from netflix! pick your flix: choose your movies from our online selection of virtually every dvd movie ever published. free home delivery: the movies you select arrive in your home mailbox via first-class mail in days. no due dates: keep each dvd as long as you want. have up to movies on hand. watch them anytime. prepaid returns: return used dvd in its prepaid envelope and get another dvd. click here: ps: there are no commitments. you can cancel anytime. aol users: <a follow this link "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" the clickathome team is pleased to announce that pilot participants may now order internet service from msn. msn offers dsl (broadband) and dial-up modem) nationwide. to check the availability of service at your address, view prices or to place your order, visit the clickathome pilot website at: http://clickathomepilot.enron.com/ (the website must be launched through internet explorer). msn's broadband satellite is expected to be available in mid this cutting edge satellite technology will provide broadband service to most of the united states (excluding alaska and hawaii). if you have problems launching the site, please copy and paste http://clickathomepilot.enron.com directly into internet explorer. clickathome team! "" "	Personal"reconcilation to houston reported p&l total by risk type: total term - - - - - - - - - - total cash - - - - - - - - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - as reported by houston difference - - - - - - - - - - summary of canada's trading income by trader - in us$ fx - avg of mnth - to date total total by book: by book: term: alberta term - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bc term - - - - - - - - - - - - pipe book - term - - - - - - - - - - - - - - options - - - - - - - - - - - - cash - - - - alberta cash - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bc cash - - - - - - - - - - - - - bc pipe cash - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alberta term - gd - - - - - - - - - - - - - - options - gd - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - - - - - by risk type: by risk type: total term - - - - - - - - - - - - - - check - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total cash - - - - - - - - - - - - - - check - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - - - - - by area - trader: by area - trader: west term - mckay - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bc term - lambie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - options - disturnal - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alberta cash - cowan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bc cash - clark - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - - - - - check - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - summary of canada's trading income by desk - in c$ to date total total by book: by book: term: alberta term - - - bc term - - - pipe book - term - - - options - - - cash - - - - alberta cash - - - bc cash - - - bc pipe cash - - - alberta term - gd - - - options - gd - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - by risk type: by risk type: total term - - - check - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total cash - - - check - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - by area/trader: by area/trader: west term - mckay - - - bc term - lambie - - - options - disturnal - - - alberta cash - cowan - - - bc cash - clark - - - total canada - - - - - - - - - - - - - - check - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "" "	Neutral"steven hartsoe joe kilmer iii robert kirk steve miller mary kay moore charley pavlou maria robin nuschler steve stojic (e-mail) x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached is a cpuc response to a couple clarifying questions i had asked. greg "" "	Business" it just keeps getting uglier and uglier around here. how are you? you making any money off getting former enron folks hired out or are they being treated like lepers? i've got a resume i'd like to send you if you're interested on a kid who was our business development analyst. he came from ees and has a good risk management and modeling background. let me know if you'd like to see it. hope you and daphne are doing well. take care, kevin hyatt "" "	Personaljust a remider that i need to have the and off as i have already planned my vacation for these days as previously discussed. thanks. 	Business"date eastern brokerage house tfs enegy broker keith kelly / dan wayland bom on peak mid columbia n/a cob n/a n/a n/a palo verde n/a off peak mid columbia n/a cob n/a n/a n/a palo verde n/a basis points bom on peak montana (midc) nw delivered (midc) busbar (midc) nob (cob) n/a mead (pv) pinnacle peak (pv) n/a four corners (pv) n/a mona (pv) n/a craig (pv) n/a off peak montana (midc) nw delivered (midc) busbar (midc) nob (cob) n/a mead (pv) pinnacle peak (pv) four corners (pv) n/a mona (pv) n/a craig (pv) n/a "" "	Neutral"l. heu, mog holst, keith huang, jason kuykendall, tori lenhart, matthew lisk, daniel reitmeyer, jay sanchez, monique scott, susan m. smith, matt south, steven p. sullivan, patti tholt, jane m. tycholiz, barry wolfe, jason subject: fw: reminder: portland fundamental analysis strategy meeting x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final !!!general sql error. couldn't update; currently locked by user 'admin' on machine table ---- energy import/export schedule ---- *** final schedule not found for preferred schedule. details: trans_type: final sc_id: ectstnw mkt_type: trans_date: tie_point: interchg_id: engy_type: firm 	Businessfull day url 	Neutral" this week's lite bytz presentation will feature the following biz speaker: stephen bennett jmt: java middle tier, or how i stopped worrying and learned to love development thursday, july if you have not already signed up, please rsvp via email to by the end of the day tuesday, july click below for more details. "" "	Business" target audience: zai*net users, consultants, financial staff, risk managers, traders, auditors, back office staff objectives: to be able to navigate the zai*net screens and properly input static data, trade data, pricing, scheduling and be able to create, modify and build reports. description: a guided tour of zai*net, from an explanation of the system layout to the population of static data to the entry and manipulation of trade data to the design and modification of reports. participants build their own sample database and reports during the course to help familiarize them with the screens and their functions. participants will practice designing their own reports. starting with basic concepts such as filtering and the column views set up in zai*net, you will create and modify simple reports before moving to more advanced reporting concepts such as multipass (batch) and d-cube (graphing). topics include: trade books markets and components meters dates and holidays commissions counterparties contracts and master agreements gloiŠ—Ès and glocŠ—Ès user values credit limits report properties and filters report functions (count, average, total) parametric report columns basis breakdown reporting exporting records report reader report security improving reporter performance pricing system security trade entry scheduling interbook transfers upload of prices and trades audit trail efps and liquidations dcube reports multipass/batch reporting sql odbc views prerequisite: none length: days price: methodology: classroom instruction with hands-on exercises. "" "	Business"fundamental operating standards structural establish and implement business and controls infrastructure - business unit head has ultimate responsibility to ensure operating standards are met (working in conjunction with operations and rac) - global databases are in place and updated to accommodate business counterparties - trading/origination activities and trading limits have been approved and authorized by enron management - credit limits have been defined and approved and capabilities to monitor credit exposure by counterparty in place - transaction approval process has been defined and communicated - full functionality and interfaces for market risk, credit risk and corporate reporting, and/or a systems roadmap for that development - appropriate involvement in business for specialist services ( legal, tax and hr ) define functional responsibilities across business/ offices before the first trade and then establish segregation of the following duties - execution ( commercial ) - controls ( commercial support ) - review ( rac ) transactional transactions are recorded accurately and timely - transactions are recorded with accuracy and valued appropriately in an approved risk system for the applicable product - transactions are input into appropriate risk system on date of trade daily management p&l and position reporting is accurate and timely - reports are accurate at time of issuance (no revisions) - daily positions and p&l have been approved and signed off by trading - reports issued on next day of trading at a commercially pre-determined time - trading limit violations noted and communicated to management on next day of trading timely confirmation and execution of transactions - confirmation of all brokered trades with brokers by cob on trade date - confirms sent to/received from counterparties within hours of trade execution and agreed to risk system data - confirms executed with counterparty within days of trade date with exceptions noted and communicated to management with the associated level of risk for non-execution (i.e. master agreement in place, number of trades unexecuted) settlements with counterparties occurs accurately and timely - invoices/payments agree with contractual terms - all invoices/payments sent to counterparties by/on contractual invoice/payment date - discrepancies with counterparties are resolved within days of dispute date with material exceptions noted and communicated to management - overdue cash collections followed up with counterparties within hours of due date operating system data matches risk systems and general ledger data - flash to actual variances and prior month adjustments cleared within days of identification - all general ledger accounts are reconciled and outstanding items cleared within workdays subsequent to month-end "" "	Businessplease see attached microsoft word file for kudlow's latest commentary. - 	Businessattachment not found! 	Neutral" am confidential & proprietary draft november internet access for all pilot kickoff presentation am confidential & proprietary draft purpose of pilot responsibilities and expectations of pilot members time line pilot member sign up how to begin as a pilot member kickoff purpose am confidential & proprietary draft the pilotŠ—Ès purpose is to gather feedback on the current program to re-calibrate any necessary elements for the next phase of the program. pilot participation is elective. pilot feedback is extremely critical to make this program the best it can be. the sooner we receive feedback, the sooner we can make enhancements. responsibilities and expectations of pilot participants time commitment quick response feedback risks of program changes purpose of the pilot am confidential & proprietary draft responsibilities and expectations time commitment - each pilot member should expect to spend at least hours testing, waiting for installation and providing feedback during the initial days of this pilot. re-testing may require additional hours. quick response - in a new program such as this, we are anxious to roll this out to all employees so we will need your quick response to various requests. feedback - you will receive a series of detailed electronic surveys requiring a quick turnaround. communication and program offerings election and ordering process portal internet service provider internet device vendor and program support risks - the pilot may : experience a different program from the final all-employee program receive different hardware technology (because technology is ever advancing) receive different internet connectivity (because technology is ever advancing) not receive all features of the direct ordering website and employee portal not be able to access the enron network until notified by the project team. responsibilities and expectations am confidential & proprietary draft jun sep oct nov dec jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec time sensitive requirements (tentative) return pilot participation agreement via email with your consent nov begin ordering mid to late nov complete order mid dec complete survey dec complete survey dec complete survey jan complete survey (if necessary) jan best practices - start considering your hardware and internet service needs now - document all time commitments and dates (ordering, installation, etc.) on your calendar to provide accurate feedback. - if you have program questions, search the faq section at https://clickathomepilot.enron.com - if you need to contact us email address: timeline am confidential & proprietary draft read and agree to program terms & conditions (actually accept online at https://clickathomepilot.enron.com) read and agree to employee election agreement (actually accept online at https://clickathomepilot.enron.com) read and agree to the pilot participants agreement and return by replying to the mailbox and stating i accept the terms and conditions of this pilot participant agreement. you will receive an email from notifying you of when you can access https://clickathomepilot.enron.com to read more about the program and begin ordering your computer and internet service. expect this email in mid to late november. expect to complete the ordering process no more than two weeks after the email receipt. how to begin as a pilot member am confidential & proprietary draft any questions ???? send inquiries to thank you for your time and participation. "" "	Business" october first of month nominated quantities path ------------------------------------------> path ---------------------------------------------> path -----------------------------------> path location index index premium comment quantity sold at receipt point (dth/day) transport fuel (%) transport fuel (%) transport fuel (%) daily delivered quantity at citygate (dth/day) cng / tgp tennessee zone pool inside ferc tennessee gas pipeline texas (zone $ tgp to cng to quantico vng pipeline tco / col gulf columbia gulf at rayne inside ferc columbia gulf transmission corp. louisiana $ add load factor rate to index price for cost of gas at rayne col gulf to rayne col gulf rayne to leach tco to city gate tco / transco transco pool inside ferc transcontinental gas pipe line corp. zone (pool) $ transco to emporia tco shorthaul tco / transco transco pool inside ferc transcontinental gas pipe line corp. zone (pool) $ transco to emporia tco shorthaul tco / transco transco pool inside ferc transcontinental gas pipe line corp. zone (pool) $ transco to emporia tco shorthaul notes: all indices are inside ferc gas market report from table prices of spot gas delivered to pipelines for month of october "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"enron p.o.box houston, tx meredith philipp enron named most innovative for sixth year for immediate release: tuesday, feb. houston -- enron corp. was named today the Š—“most innovative company in americaŠ— for the sixth consecutive year by fortune magazine. Š—“our world-class employees and their commitment to innovative ideas continue to drive our success in todayŠ—Ès fast-paced business environment,Š— said kenneth l. lay, enron chairman and ceo. Š—“we are proud to receive this accolade for a sixth year. it reflects our corporate culture which is driven by smart employees who continually come up with new ways to grow our business.Š— enron placed overall on fortuneŠ—Ès list of the nationŠ—Ès Š—“most admired companies,Š— up from no. last year. enron also ranked among the top five in Š—“quality of management,Š— Š—“quality of products/servicesŠ— and Š—“employee talent.Š— corporations are judged primarily from feedback contained in confidential questionnaires submitted by approximately executives, directors and securities analysts who were asked to rate the companies by industry on eight attributes. enron is one of the worldŠ—Ès leading electricity, natural gas and communications companies. the company, with revenues of billion in markets electricity and natural gas, delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world, and has developed an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business. fortune magazine has named enron Š—“americaŠ—Ès most innovative companyŠ— for six consecutive years. enronŠ—Ès internet address is www.enron.com. the stock is traded under the ticker symbol Š—“ene.Š— ## "" "	Business" dear joe, senate energy committee chairman jeff bingaman (d-nm) says he is unsure whether an energy bill will reach the senate floor this year. washington bureau chief peter cook says senator bingaman is also downplaying the chances that a new republican energy proposal will alter the debate significantly. the bureau will have the latest from the hill on friday. also from washington on friday, executive director of the international energy agency robert priddle will discuss the world's energy supply within the context of the campaign against terrorism. priddle is speaking at the center for strategic and international studies tomorrow, and the washington bureau will bring us all the details. energy markets washington editor jack belcher will join us from the washington bureau on friday. belcher is stopping by during the a.m. et newscast to discuss the epa's new boutique fuels proposal. the independent petroleum association of america will continue a three-day meeting in houston on friday. interior secretary gale norton and energy secretary spencer abraham are among those attending the meeting. houston correspondent kim benestante will have details on the meeting from the houston bureau on friday. also from houston, spinnaker exploration ceo and founder roger jarvis will discuss his company's third-quarter earnings results. join us during the p.m. et newscast for the jarvis interview. and catch simmons & company international vice president of research mark meyer as he talks about how oil stocks are doing this quarter. we'll bring you these interviews from houston on friday. from the west coast bureau on friday, enl's kym mcnicholas will bring us a report on the extra security measures being taken to protect the hoover dam. the dam has generators, each capable of supplying electricity to households. catch the hoover dam report from the west coast bureau tomorrow. keep in mind things are subject to change at a moment's notice. occasionally guests cancel or change time slots. we'll continue to do our best to keep you updated on future interviews and events. be sure to watch our newscasts every business day - a.m. to p.m. et, at the top of each hour. jay rickerts, energynewslive.com anchor view today's energy wrap video (requires windows media player or real player ) experience all that williams energy news live has to offer! if you are receiving this letter for the first time and wish to continue, subscribe now to stop receiving this letter, unsubscribe now if you are having trouble receiving this e-mail, please let us know or call williams weekdays, cst. comments? suggestions? let us know or call williams weekdays, cst. copyright williams energy news live, llc. all rights reserved. "" "	Business" enron employees may find the current circumstances stressful. we want to remind you that enron's employee assistance program (eap) is still available and currently offering services to assist you and your family. group discussions beginning this week, enron's eap provider, innovative resources group, will be facilitating group discussions for employees who are interested in attending. these sessions are designed to address the challenges employees may be facing and to suggest ways to minimize the impact of stress on employees and their families. these sessions will be held on wednesday, january and thursday, january at the following times in am -- am am -- pm pm -- pm pm -- pm no advance registration is necessary -- simply come to at the scheduled day and time that is most convenient for you. onsite confidential counseling / hour hotline eap counselors are available for individual, confidential appointments onsite in the enron building or at a variety of neighborhood locations. counselors are also available via telephone hours a day, seven days a week for enron employees in all locations. the eap counseling service is provided at no cost to employees and their family members. to schedule an appointment or speak with a counselor, please call the onsite office at or the number at informational brochures additional information about eap programs will be available in the body shop, the health center on the third floor of enron center north and soon in the common kitchen areas on all floors of the enron buildings. websites the following links may also provide helpful information: www.stress.org -- this is the website of the american institute of stress. the site provides general information on stress management and links to other related sites. www.wellnessjunction.com -- this website has been developed by health resources publishing and provides targeted information on trends in wellness and health promotion. "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalyep what are you doing 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral#NAME?	Neutral"kulvinder espey darren x-sdoc: x-zlid: ashley r. worthing enron networks risk management - west desk "" "	Businessthis deal is with pg&e. i thought they were going into bankruptcy. can you check and see if this is a wrong co name or what. thanks! 	Neutralhttp://www.borsheims.com/ for corporate gifts and other shopping. remember to mention that you are with enron for the corporate discount. 	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral"forecast and climate data for enron canada date: temperature date maximum minimum mean climate heating degree d. Îçc Îçc Îçc (t) mean calgary monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june friday june saturday june sunday june monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june edmonton monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june friday june saturday june sunday june monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june vancouver monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june friday june saturday june sunday june monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june toronto monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june friday june saturday june sunday june monday june tuesday june wednesday june thursday june notes: climatological day = mst to mst *** not for redistribution*** "" "	Businesshere are two files i have assembled to assist in our discussions related to legal budgeting. the first is a list of open matter numbers which either a) have been approved for some level of activity; or b) the attorneys assigned to the case believe there may be some additional level of activity expected or warranted in the future (in which case authorization will have to be sought at the appropriate time). the second list consists of matter numbers we believe should be closed as we expect no more costs or activity in any of these matters. please comment on either at your convenience. i will provide copies of them to paul kaufman tomorrow. mike day - - 	Neutralfull day url 	Neutral" the greatest good we can do for others is not to share our riches with them, but to reveal their own. - author unknown one should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life. the most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community. -- albert einstein we must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment. -- jim rohn the game of life is a game of boomerangs. our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy. -- florence scovel shinn "" "	Neutral" garret tripp would be better able to answer your questions for the canada nuclear facilities. with respect to forward hedging in the us, we have never seen british energy hedge anything. i believe they have transition contracts with the utilities they purchased the plants from. "" "	Business" water, water, everywhere! a flood can turn your dream house into a nightmare. dont miss our new article on flood insurance. plus, learn how title insurance helps protect your home, and check out our free report on an emerging markets telecom fund. and read two articles on value investing and avoiding false signals from the market. "" "	Neutral" diane, i apologize for getting this to you so late. i should have no staffing additions next year. staff manager sr. average to high training both seniors should attend personal enrichment class (effective communication) and technical class. i think that everything else should roll for next year. let me know what else i need to give you. d diane h cook pm to: robert katherine l michael pat rita steve dutch jeffrey c kam william darron c daren j david jefferson d bryce mary m lisa cc: bob m steve leslie subject: budget help!! salaries, salaries, salaries!!! everyone is having problems. unfortunately, many of you are new to your jobs and did not inherit paperwork to know what your staff's salary is. i have the average salary for each of the different staffing levels. i have asked the hr department to also give me the low and the high. let's face it - your staff today and their salary most likely are not what they are going to be next year! to much movement of people. so using estimates and averages will probably be as accurate as using current salary levels. here's what you can do: make a list of your staff just their positions. then put down if you think i should budget high, mid, average, low, low to average, etc. you can guess at this based on their experience, length of time in that position, etc. then i will calculate out an estimated salary to use for your budget. here is the average: sr. spec staff sr. clrk clerk asst your list would look something like this: assistant average clerk very high sr. clerk low specialist low to average specialist average sr. specialist average to high analyst (they are all allocated at the same amount) you can , however, use the exact amounts if you have them. it's up to you. next item - training!!! here's what you can do: list your staff and the type of class they need if you don't know the exact class you want to send them to, then list what type of class - for example personal enrichment (i.e. time management) or technical (derivatives or applied finance or wellhead to burnertip) the personal enrichment classes cost aroung the technical classes cost aroung - just list the type of class, and i'll do the rest. next item - headhunters! try of the new hires salary for their fees. other stuff - i have made a list of all of the unusual items we do during the year that people forget about at budget time (i.e. flowers for secretaries day, birthday ice cream, offsite meeting costs, customer gifts). if you forget these items, i will make sure it is added to your budget. once i put all of your budget information into the spreadsheets, we will review them so that they can be adjusted as necessary and you can approve them.hopefully this helps you some. diane "" "	Business" fax # am to: darren farmer / enron; cary metz / enron; mark schrab / hpl; laura bellamy / enron from: melissa jones - txu electric & gas (tu electric) subject: txu fuels nomination - november **sat/sun **monday hpl and enron nominations: eff. hrs. eff. hrs. prior nominated nominated contract delivery point upstream enron (fm) ls hpl katy i.c. hpl to to to to to to firm summary enron (s) sandhills hpl enron north america other enron/hpl transports: downstream total other transports: note: additional swing volumes may be requested at teco tap, or texoma by tufco gas control under either the wagner brown k# or hpl k# agreements. * nominations to continue until tu electric changes such nominations. cc: g. tyer b. beebe r. skerik s. looney g. green k. english b. fleming gcc dispatcher "" "	Neutral" please note that the document title listed in an earlier e-mail was incorrect. the document placed on line today for the morro bay project is part of the final staff assessment of the proposed project. we apologize for the confusion. it can be found on the morro bay documents page at: http://www.energy.ca.gov/sitingcases/morrobay/documents/ bob aldrich -- * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * do your part to help during california's electricity crisis. set your computer and monitor to go to sleep or energy saver mode during the business day. and turn your computer and monitor off at the power strip or surge protector when you leave at the end of the day or over the weekend. to learn more about what you can do go to: http://www.flexyourpower.ca.gov bob aldrich web development team california energy commission to unsubscribe from this list, please go to: http://www.energy.ca.gov/listservers/ or simply send an e-mail to and in the body of the e-mail, type in unsubscribe (name of this list) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * "" "	Business"burkholder' 'jun 'rick counihan greenmountain.com' 'craig chancellor' 'colin cushnie' 'bayless 'elsesser 'worster 'jeff dasovich' 'jeff fawcett transwestern' 'paul 'johnson 'karp 'mccrea 'how-downing lindsey' mbd 'paul amirault' 'phil davies wgsi calgary' 'doug porter' 'counihan rick' 'pocta robert m.' 'michael rochman' 'scott subject: change in wood all-party meeting x-sdoc: x-zlid: jonathan lakritz just called to change the wood all-party to a.m. tomorrow. "" "	Businessits on the way. 	Neutral" lindy, here is the original memo we discussed earlier. please provide any information that you may have. your cooperation is greatly appreciated. thanks, pager "" "	Business"joanie h ngo, jennifer blay, rita wynne, kristen j hanson, aimee lannou subject: revised revised spreadsheet x-sdoc: x-zlid: swing deal number has been added for chevron "" "	Personal" we currently have an opening(s) in the utility risk management (urm) group reporting to steve swain. based upon the candidate skill level, the opening(s) will be at the specialist, sr. specialist or analyst level. responsibilities will include: building and maintaining forward price curves for a number of utility tariff rates across the wscc. tracking and analyzing urm's portfolio of retail positions. preparing daily reports for management that analyze various factors contributing to changes in positions, p/l, hedges, etc. performing research and analysis on legislative and regulatory changes that could impact our price cuves and/or positions. working closely with the retail gen desk to coordinate activities involved in managing ews's overall retail position. research to support the development of effective hedging strategies for the various risk exposures inherent to the urm book. the ideal candidate(s) will possess sound excel modeling skills (including at least superficial knowledge of visual basic), some familiarity with database systems and/or experience collecting and analyzing large amounts of data, excellent organizational skills, and a solid understanding of financial statements. while some experience with regulated tariffs and utility cost of service modeling would be helpful, it is not necessary. for those interested in learning more about the position, or about urm in general, steve swain and gordon savage will be hosting a brown bag info session on friday, from pm in mt. hood. if you are interested in this opportunity, please let julie kearney know by close of business on friday "" "	Business" congratulation, pat. and the very best of luck. see you soon. best, jeff pat bukowski on pm to: tim schearer 'anil rao' 'karen vinson' 'sasha' bill vandouris frank orem keith kirton ken maclennan kiat ang lilly chan mark grossenbacher ray louis rob grossenbacher ronald creswell shelley weise tom mcdermott vta project file will chiang brian yu carolyn vavrek charlotte kwon chris loveys court herschelman dad and jo bukowski dan dickey dave klepper dave klepper david bukowski dennis echelberger dennis sidbury diane dimeff eve and pat eve grossman-bukowski gary krock gary krock heidi klein jaya kumar jeannine s wong jeannine wong jeff dasovich jim seybold joachim kr_ger jody a. triandiflou jody triandiflou joe wallach john and theresa errico john morel jonathan hudacko josovitz, helene joyce a yeich kelly davis ken huang kirsten michner kris leto lamoreaux, ben linda sipling lisa carter(?) schmenke lisa j larry lisa larry luther and theresa miller mahvash armand matt s leto maxim s. melissa campbell michael shi mike mike & dina roth mike bukowski mike bukowski mike dallas mizani, bita pat bukowski paul ledwitz rabbi raj rich & dori barkby richard hannigan ron & wendy creswell ron creswell scott boyle scott sipling shawne robinson shirley grossman steve & barbara hladik steve gregory tim iseminger wendell mercer will chiang cc: subject: parting is such sweet sorrow... dear friends. family and colleagues, my last day at acex technologies, inc. has come. yes, i'm moving on ... to clorox, also in oakland, ca. i will be a project manager in the information services department. please replace my e-mail address with the following address: i hope to hear from you all soon at my new address! pat bukowski "" "	Personal"firm flow firm flow mids spread variable economics mids spread variable economics socal ehren waha ep blanco avg ep blanco avg epng keystone epng keystone waha epng keystone socal topk epng ep blanco avg ep blanco avg ep blanco avg epng keystone opal waha transcol cig socal tw needles pgt stanfield tw blanco sumas tw permian opal socal wheeler ridge aeco kern opal sumas socal pg&e krs cig mainline pgt malin cheyenne hub pg&e baja pool ep blanco avg ep blanco avg cig mainline epng keystone opal tw blanco pepl tw permian cig mainline kern opal cheyenne hub waha pg&e ctygte pgt malin pg&e baja pool pgt malin sumas aeco opal note: table must be sorted in ascending order formula cash product eol id bid offer mid aeco cheyenne hub cig mainline ep blanco avg epng keystone kern opal nwpl rkymtn pool nwpl sanjuan pool - nwpl wyoming pool opal pepl pg&e baja pool pg&e ctygte pgt malin pgt stanfield socal ehren socal firm storage - socal in-state prod - socal pg&e krs socal topk epng socal tw needles socal wheeler ridge sumas transcol cig tw blanco tw permian waha wic last message: pm product id bid offer bid vol offer vol us gas phy epng keystone usd/mm us gas phy pg&e baja pool usd/mm us gas phy socal wheeler ridge usd/mm us gas phy socal pg&e krs usd/mm us gas phy socal in-state prod usd/mm us gas phy socal firm storage usd/mm us gas phy socal tw needles usd/mm us gas phy pgt stanfield usd/mm us gas phy nwpl wyoming pool usd/mm us gas phy nwpl sanjuan pool usd/mm us gas phy nwpl rkymtn pool usd/mm us gas phy cheyenne hub usd/mm us gas phy wic usd/mm us gas phy cig mainline usd/mm us gas phy ep blanco avg usd/mm us gas phy pgt malin usd/mm us gas phy opal usd/mm us gas phy pg&e ctygte usd/mm us gas phy socal ehr usd/mm us gas phy socal topk epng usd/mm us gas phy waha usd/mm can gas phy sumas usd/mm can gas phy nit cad/gj us gas phy pepl pool usd/mm fuel % comm $ ena comm variable rates epng sj to scal perm to scal sj to waha perm to waha sj to az perm to az sj to nv perm to nv sj to pg&e topock la plata to eot sj to eot wtx to eot ib to sj pool ib to epng pg&e on-system pg&e off-system pgt aeco to king aeco to stan aeco to malin king to stan king to malin stan to malin cig cig backhaul cig fronthaul questar haul transcolorado haul old kern nmuddy to socal new kern nmuddy to socal - nmuddy to socal - wic fronthaul backhaul "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"sean x-sdoc: x-zlid: we are short at pge system for tuesday, , and we are short (total of short). this is due to a lending deal done by the nw cash desk. please supply portland at their system in the most cost effective manner possible. deal thanks, donald robinson, nw preschedule desk "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" if your do not see our email in seconds, please go to http://www.enerfax.com to today's gas & power prices & news. if your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing please visit our website to view today's gas and power prices and news by clicking http://www.enerfax.com "" "	Personal"southern california edison company caiso controlled grid and milestone meeting thursday may am Š—– pm sce general office, rosemead california agenda introduction pat mayfield study plan update phil save base cases heavy summer and dave franklin spring and dave franklin closing comments pat mayfield "" "	Business"in the united states of america federal energy regulatory commission el paso natural gas company Î_ docket no. Î_ Î_ motion of enron north america corp. for leave to intervene and comments in support pursuant to rule of the federal energy regulatory commission's (Š—“commissionŠ—) rules of practice and procedure, c.f.r. enron north america corp. (ena) hereby respectfully moves for leave to intervene in support in the above-captioned proceeding. in support hereof, ena states as follows: i. the names, titles, and mailing addresses of the persons to whom correspondence and communications concerning this proceeding are to be sent are as follows: leslie j. lawner *rebecca cantrell attorney for director, federal regulatory affairs enron north america corp. enron north america corp. n. lea p. o. box roswell, new mexico houston, texas fax fax *designated for service in accordance with rule c.f.r. of the commissionŠ—Ès rules of practice and procedure. ii. ena is comprised of a number of companies which are subsidiaries of enron corp. in the natural gas industry, ena's activities include buying and selling natural gas in north america, providing a broad array of services to gas producers, offering price hedging and risk management services to gas buyers and sellers, and offering producers and other market participants various financing options. ena is one of the largest marketers of natural gas in the united states. iii. on march el paso natural gas company (Š—“el pasoŠ—) filed an amendment to the pending application for its line project filed in docket no. el paso requests that the commission issue an order by march permitting el paso to initiate the cleaning and modification of its line delete the portion of the application to abandon the six existing mainline compressor facilities, and authorize by april the proposal to expand the design capacity of el pasoŠ—Ès system by approximately mcf per day. el paso states that the requested authority will facilitate an in-service date of august which will enable el paso to place the expansion into service in time to help ameliorate the california energy crisis this year. el paso also states that it will place the line project in service as a loop to the existing system and will continue to operate the existing south system compression without additional contracts to cover its operating and investment costs. ena supports el pasoŠ—Ès amended application. el paso states that, as soon as the line project is placed into service, it will begin including the mcf per day of incremental capacity in the daily scheduling of gas on its system. this will serve to reduce daily allocations of capacity and provide greater flexibility for shippers on the south system. of perhaps greater importance is the need to offset reductions in capacity that could result from the testing that will be conducted during the remainder of the year in compliance with an office of pipeline safety corrective action order. iv. as a shipper and marketer of natural gas, the ena companies have an interest which may be directly affected by the outcome in these proceedings. moreover, enaŠ—Ès interests cannot be adequately represented by any other party to these proceedings, and enaŠ—Ès participation in these proceedings will be in the public interest. wherefore, for the reasons set forth herein, ena respectfully moves to intervene in the above-captioned proceeding, requests that it be accorded all rights as a full party to such proceeding, and requests that the commission expeditiously approve el pasoŠ—Ès amended application. respectfully submitted, leslie j. lawner attorney for enron north america corp. n. lea roswell, new mexico dated: march certificate of service i, leslie j. lawner, hereby certify that i have caused a copy of the foregoing document to be served upon the secretary of the commission in accordance with the requirements of rule of the rules of practice and procedure. dated this day of march leslie j. lawner "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business" can one of you please secure this price for mtm purposes. if there are any questions, let me know. bt "" "	Business" hurry - one week left! jos. a. bank up to off winter clearance save - on outerwear clearance sportcoats & blazers up to off dress pants up to off white broadcloth dress shirts reg. each now for price break - huge selection of sportswear all under full winter clearance selection, click here: valid online only. free shipping on all domestic online orders or more. clearance items are available on a first come, first serve basis, as quantities on some items may be low due to high demand. for backorders, an expected delivery date will display at checkout. offer not valid on prior purchases. to change your subscription, visit: to remove your subscription, visit: to forward this message to a friend, click here: note: if having trouble clicking on the above links, copy and paste them into your browser and hit enter. if you do not wish to receive future e-mail communications from us, or if this message has been received in error, reply to this email and type unsubscribe in the subject line. you will be removed from the list immediately. "" "	Business"f. mckay, brad mckay, jonathan neal, scott pereira, susan w. pimenov, vladi ring, andrea savvas, leonidas smith, maureen taylor, craig townsend, judy versen, victoria vickers, frank subject: fw: new ferc policy on negotiated rate deals x-sdoc: x-zlid: fyi... "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"schultz, greg whalley cc: beth apollo, shona wilson, jeffrey c gossett, kimberly hillis, tammie schoppe, araceli romero, liz m taylor, cassi wallace, chris abel subject: gas violations final x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached is the enron americas gas trading violation memo for var, maturity gap risk, and net open position for may the office of the chairman for enron americas is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo, signing it and returning the hard copy to chris abel who will forward it to rac to obtain their signature. thank you "" "	Business" chris, the ena -im-market east book has been set up as an internal counterparty for desk-to-desk trading on enrononline. the following user id and password will give you access to live prices on the web-site http://www.enrononline.com. user id: password: (note these are case sensitive) please keep you user id and password secure as this allows you to transact on enrononline. contact the helpdesk at if you have any questions or problems gaining access with this id. thanks tara "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database 	Neutrali have created deal to cover this supply. mike - please see that this gets pathed in mops and pops and let megan know when completed. thanks. d 	Business" ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ w e e k e n d s y s t e m s a v a i l a b i l i t y f o r november through november ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ scheduled system outages: ardmore data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages. azurix: no scheduled outages. data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages. edi server: no scheduled outages. enron center south data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages enron north american lans: impact: time: fri at pm ct thru sat at am ct fri at pm pt thru fri at pm pt sat at am london thru sat at am london outage: swing and floors to corp ip space. environments impacted: purpose: ebs integration backout: re-issue original configurations, bring trunk to back up. contact(s): micah staggs impact: ardmore time: sat at pm ct thru sun at am ct sat at pm pt thru sun at am pt sun at am london thru sun at am london outage: add redundant connections between and environments impacted: all purpose: increased bandwidth / resiliency available on the man backout: put original equipment/configs back in place contact(s): dennis mcgough field services: no scheduled outages. internet: no scheduled outages. messaging: impact: corp notes time: fri at pm ct thru sat at am ct fri at pm pt thru fri at pm pt sat at am london thru sat at am london outage: cnotes server reboots environments impacted: all users on any of the mailservers listed below purpose: scheduled @ week interval backout: make sure server comes up. contact(s): trey rhodes impact: ei time: fri at pm ct thru sat at am ct fri at pm pt thru fri at pm pt sat at am london thru sat at am london outage: ei notes server maintenance environments impacted: ei local/domestic/foreign sites purpose: scheduled @ week interval backout: n/a contact(s): david ricafrente impact: ees time: fri at pm ct thru fri at pm ct fri at pm pt thru fri at pm pt sat at am london thru sat at am london outage: ees notes server reboots environments impacted: all users on any of the mailservers listed below purpose: scheduled @ week interval on and the friday of each month. backout: contact(s): dalak malik market data: impact: corp time: sat at pm ct thru sat at pm ct sat at am pt thru sat at am pt sat at pm london thru sat at pm london outage: autex - taurus system upgrade environments impacted: autex purpose: replace obsolesced hardware with enron standard hardware configuration for critical trading application backout: replace with original system contact(s): john sieckman nt: no scheduled outages. no scheduled outages. other systems: impact: sap time: fri at pm ct thru mon at am ct fri at pm pt thru mon at am pt sat at am london thru mon at am london outage: add new sap storage environments impacted: sap purpose: disk growth in sap required procurement of additional disk. backout: revert to current configuration. contact(s): gary sentiff sitara: no scheduled outages. sun/oss system: no scheduled outages. telephony: no scheduled outages terminal server: no scheduled outages. unify: no scheduled outages. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- for assistance enron resolution center specific help: information risk management sap/isc unify on-call [pager] sitara on-call [pager] rus/gops/geotools/aprs [pager] [pager] cpr [pager] edi support [pager] ees help desk or tds -trader decision support on-call [pager] "" "	Businessthis request has been pending your approval for days. please click to review and act upon this request. request id : request create date : pm requested for : resource name : market data kobra power resource type : applications 	Business" brad, i got a better picture of the delay issue when i talked to keith this morning. apparently, his group has lost their server liscence. as a consequence they cannot access their materials. keith is doing everything he can that does not require the server, and when they regain access, we will get the map out asap. in the mean time, i am looking into major interconnects as well as storage facilities. as of now, i don't have a precise timeline on when the server issue will be resolved. when it occurs, i'll let you know. thanks adam "" "	Business"quotes *please fill out to the best of your ability time periods transco zone basis transco zone index transco non-ny tetco basis tetco index tco basis tco index domm basis domm index national fuel leidy algonquin basis iroquois basis iroquois index bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer dec jan feb mar flat flat cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal time periods hehub basis transco zone transco zone transco zone transco zone columbia texas gas texas gas tenn tx tenn la tetco south tetco east tetco east basis basis basis basis basis sl basis zone basis basis basis texas basis texas basis lousiana basis bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer dec jan feb mar cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal time periods tetco west koch lousiana koch texas florida zone florida zone florida zone sonat henry hub transco zn transco zn transco zn columbia texas gas sl lousiana basis basis basis basis basis basis basis index index index index index index bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer dec jan feb mar cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal time periods texas gas zone tennesse tx index tennesse la. index tetco s.tx tetco e.tx tetco e.la tetco w.la koch la. koch tx. fgt zone fgt zone fgt zone sonat index index index index index index index index index index index bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer bid offer dec jan feb mar cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal cal "" "	Business" to: employees from: enron benefits department subject: all employees participating in the enron domestic benefit plans enron benefit plans summary annual report the basic financial and insurance information on the back of this page, as well as the material below, provide a summary annual report for the enron benefit plans. the annual report for each plan has been filed with the internal revenue service, as required by the employee retirement income security act of (erisa). note: you may receive a report for a benefit plan in which you are not a participant or under which you are not entitled. entitlement to benefits under any of the plans is based on the provisions of each plan. your rights to additional information you have the right to receive, upon request, a copy of the full annual report, or any part thereof, for any plan. for insured plans, insurance information (including any sales commissions paid by insurance carriers) is shown in the annual reports. to obtain a copy of the full annual report, or any part thereof, for any plan, write or call: enron corp shareholder relations smith street houston, tx you also have the right to receive from the plan administrator, on request and at no charge, a statement of the assets and liabilities of the plan and accompanying notes, or a statement of income and expenses of the plan and accompanying notes, or both. if you request a copy of the full annual report from the plan administrator, these two statements and accompanying notes will be included as part of that report. you also have the legally protected right to examine the annual report at the main office of the plan (enron corp., smith street, houston, tx and at the u.s. department of labor in washington, d.c., or to obtain a copy from the u.s. department of labor upon payment of copying costs. requests to the department should be addressed to: public disclosure room, pension and welfare benefits administration, u.s. department of labor, constitution avenue, n.w., washington, d.c. "" "	Neutral"stokes, therese lohman, terry galassini, ronald matthews, mansoor abdmoulaie, julia white, bob burleson, james harvey, lynn blair, steven january, rick dietz, sheila nacey, darrell schoolcraft, john buchanan, ramona betancourt, william banks, martha cormier, garvin jobs, beverly miller, cynthia rivers, linda ward, kathy washington, lindy donoho, steve gilbert, michel nelson, mary kay miller, drew fossum, terry kowalke, albert hernandez, kevin hyatt, kevin hyatt, michele lokay, jeanette doll subject: tw weekly x-sdoc: x-zlid: please see attached file. if you have any questions, call me at or "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"power trading and risk systems requirements meeting agenda demo cpm (new real-time volumetric position manager) verify existing and new p&l requirements included pricing delta initiation time application deals position method horizon source ---------------- -------------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------- all officialized portcalc user m, q, y risk trader curves reporting all at time intraday portcalc user m, q, y curve of last calc trader curves manager new deals eol lifted bid / portcalc user d, m, q, y new as of last ask average emulation calc midpoint (forwards only) all at time eol lifted bid / portcalc user m, q, y new of last calc ask average midpoint verify additional price displays heat rate curves (in curve manager Š—– verify mechanics) eol lifted bid / ask average midpoint reuters curves (in curve manager via erms) nymex curves review existing east desk spreadsheets additional discussion topics from monday meeting accuracy of early ubs var numbers (lack of curve maintenance) verify next steps contango logic in curve manager verify existing logic discuss different logic by region point in time that manual stops and contango starts "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business" britt, looks good to me. thanks. lynn "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutraltim will be speaking from - today in mt hood. all other sessions will be - 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" from hotel to ase: directions distance start out going west on ramp. miles merge onto w. miles take the exit, exit number towards s/valley view ln. miles merge onto lyndon b johnson frwy. miles turn left onto valley view ln. miles turn slight right. miles turn slight right onto las colinas blvd. miles turn right onto las colinas rdg. miles total estimated time: minutes total distance: miles from dfw airport to ase directions distance start out going south on international pkwy s by turning left (portions toll). miles take the ramp towards rental car return. miles merge onto s service rd. miles take the ramp towards east airfield drive/airport administration/airport public safety. miles merge onto s airfield dr. miles turn right onto w walnut hill ln. miles take miles turn left onto las colinas blvd. miles turn right onto las colinas rdg. miles total estimated time: minutes total distance: miles from love field to ase directions distance start out going southeast on cedar springs rd. miles turn slight right. miles turn slight right onto w mockingbird ln. miles turn right onto e john w carpenter frwy. miles turn slight left to take the w ramp. miles merge onto w. miles take w towards grapevine/d/fw airport north entry. miles merge onto w. miles take the exit. miles merge onto w john w carpenter frwy. miles turn right onto valley view ln. miles turn left onto las colinas blvd. miles turn right onto las colinas rdg. miles total estimated time: minutes total distance: miles from dfw airport to hotel directions distance start out going south on international pkwy s by turning left (portions toll). miles take the ramp towards rental car return. miles merge onto s service rd. miles take the ramp towards east airfield drive/airport administration/airport public safety. miles merge onto s airfield dr. miles turn right onto w walnut hill ln. miles take miles becomes valley view n. miles take the e ramp. miles merge onto e. miles take the luna rd exit, exit number miles turn left onto luna rd. miles turn left. miles total estimated time: minutes total distance: miles from love field to hotel directions distance start out going southeast on cedar springs rd. miles turn slight right. miles turn slight right onto w mockingbird ln. miles turn slight right. miles turn slight right onto n stemmons frwy. miles turn slight left to take the n ramp. miles merge onto n. miles take the w exit, exit number on the left towards d/fw airport. miles merge onto w. miles take the exit, exit number towards luna rd. miles merge onto lyndon b johnson frwy. miles total estimated time: minutes total distance: miles from dfw to cool river caf’_ hidden ridge road, las colinas tx take the north exit out of the airport take hwy east toward dallas travel approximately miles and exit macarthur boulevard turn right at the light and travel south for miles cool river is located on the left at the intersection of hidden ridge road and macarthur boulevard "" "	Neutrali am not sure. the numbers do look reasonable to me. see if they are ok with sheila walton and would fit in with our standard policy. mark 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"forecast and climate data for enron canada date: temperature date maximum minimum mean climate heating degree d. Îçc Îçc Îçc (t) mean calgary sunday september monday october tuesday october wednesday october thursday october friday october saturday october sunday october monday october tuesday october wednesday october edmonton sunday september monday october tuesday october wednesday october thursday october friday october saturday october sunday october monday october tuesday october wednesday october vancouver sunday september monday october tuesday october wednesday october thursday october friday october saturday october sunday october monday october tuesday october wednesday october toronto sunday september monday october tuesday october wednesday october thursday october friday october saturday october sunday october monday october tuesday october wednesday october notes: climatological day = mst to mst *** not for redistribution*** "" "	Neutral^<html xmlns:v=urn:schemas-microsoft-com:vml xmlns:o=urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office xmlns:w=urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:word <head> <meta http-equiv=content-type content=text/html; <meta name=progid content=word.document> <meta name=generator content=microsoft word <meta name=originator content=microsoft word <link rel=file-list href=file:///c 	Business"tracy l. geaccone i graduated from university of texas, austin, texas with a bachelor of business administration in accounting. i worked for arthur andersen in the audit group for three years. i spent two of the three years working on the enron audit in the pipeline group. after aa, i worked for louisiana intrastate gas, owned then by arkla, for four years in financial planning. since then, i have worked at enron for years primarily in the financial planning area. "" "	Neutralcall me 	Personal"robert carson mike dean clint dorland chris forney john m. gim steve gupta gautam jenkins iv daniel jester larry kaniss jason king jeff makkai peter may tom misra narsimha oh seung-taek philip willis podurgiel laura quenet joe schiavone paul thomas paul d. valderrama larry vargas robert willis cory x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached are the two files for this week's nuclear rolling forecast. "" "	Business"steven donoho lindy x-sdoc: x-zlid: maria, do you have a revised set after the changes we discussed?? mk "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" thanks, rosie...that's what i suspected. by the way, i spoke to senator gramm's staff today who confirmed that senator gramm also said he would oppose it. interesting that sometimes people hear what they want to hear, isn't it. kenneth lay on am sent by: rosalee fleming to: cynthia cc: steven j richard james d joe tom joe sarah subject: re: new puhca exemption legislative language cynthia, ken said to tell you that he told david sokol we would probably oppose it. rosie cynthia sandherr pm to: kenneth steven j richard james d joe tom joe sarah cc: subject: new puhca exemption legislative language yesterday, ken lay spoke with midamerican ceo david sokol regarding the attached new legislative amendment to provide a limited puhca exemption for companies with a high level of financial stability as determined by independent market analysts (i.e. a rating for holding companies or investment grade rating for utility companies). this is not a permanent exemption as puhca would again apply should the company loose its high rating. midamerican's lobbyist reported this conversation to me along with ken lay's reported commitment that we would review it as soon as we could. reportedly, ken lay was non-committal but not negatively disposed. the utility strategy is to have senator bob kerrey (d-ne) offer this as an amendment to a must pass piece of legislation during the waning days of this congressional session. this will be separate from the utilities' strategy to enact private use legislation (h.r. s. which includes tax language to exclude water and sewage connection fees from gross income as contributions to capital and language to increase the amount permitted to paid into nuclear decommissioning reserve funds primarily for commonwealth edison) and to enact stand-alone reliability legislation (s. and h.r. senator kerrey has already spoken to senator gramm (r-tx) about this puhca amendment and gramm was reportedly non-committal but not negatively disposed to the idea. i will follow-up with gramm's staff next week after they've reviewed it and convey their views to you. according to midamerican, the concept to insure stockholder protection along with consumer protection was senator kerrey's idea. it is possible that congressman dingell (d-mi) and congressman markey (d-ma) would still actively oppose this limited exemption, especially given the fact that congressman dingell (who would chair the commerce committee should the democrats regain control of the house) has recently said that whether or not he is commerce committee chairman next congress, that comprehensive electricity restructuring legislation including puhca repeal is at least three years away from happening. steve and rick, can we get a temperature gauge next week as to our position on this amendment? as a reminder, enron's position here-to-date has been to oppose stand-alone puhca repeal as this is the one provision utilities like southern company really want. to date, this strategy has worked with the midamerican utility group willing to support our transmission open access provisions in turn for our puhca exemption support. "" "	Personal"jeff pearson, ruth concannon, martin cuilla, geoff storey, michael cowan, chris lambie subject: s&p statement of principles x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached is the agreement in principle reached today between tcpl and its stakeholders on terms tcpl is prepared to bring to the board if there is broad enough industry support. the following are the key changes from the draft distributed on monday feb discretionary revenue sharing to tcpl subject to cap of (from with higher sharing percentages by revenue class. aos of (from of ft demand charge paid as credit to it invoice. is approx mmcfd. it floor to be railed between and of ft toll but floating monthly with marginal fuel cost. there are two very controversial elements that may cause some parties to litigate. tcpl has slipped in the severance costs for employees that were laid off in dec but technically terminated in at per employee this works out to m or about one cent on the eastern zone toll. tcpl is also not willing to consider liquidating this year any of their bcf of storage working gas and are not even conceding that the gas belongs to the shippers. speculation is they have arbed much of it this winter and are trying to pocket all of the upside with no benefit to the shippers who paid for it. if tcpl proceeds with this agreement without opposition then there will be a cost of capital hearing to set the roe and capital structure. if they don't then there will be a lengthy rate hearing where many time consuming issues such as higher depreciation will be debated. if tcpl proceeds with this deal in the face of litigants (from the ldcs perhaps) it is unclear which issues will be raised or how long the hearing will take. tcpl is requesting by close of business tuesday that we indicate whether we will either a. sign the agreement or b. neither sign nor litigate or c. litigate to neb. i understand from discussion earlier this week with jon mckay and rob milnthorp that enron will choose option b. we can review on tuesday. if anybody wants clarification on anything let me know. kevin "" "	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Neutral"christopher f. kitchen louise cc: vos theresa x-sdoc: x-zlid: please be advised that ron has reached agreement on the doyle insurance claim, which will bring in cash of million (including income of approximately we are pushing to make sure this happens as soon as possible, hopefully within the next day. the e-mail from fm global (the insurance company) is attached below. please let me know if you have any questions. regards, ben "" "	Businessi am out of the office will return in the morning. for settlement questions please call glenda mitchell ext. 	Business" to: ken lay from: mike wood cc: john l. garrison, amanda martin date: october subject: azurix/city of houston project confidential the city of houston's northeast water purification plant (Š—“newppŠ—)project is proceeding under the direction of the houston area water corporation (hawc). given your personal involvement and interest in this project, i want to brief you on the following recent developments: project defined by public works: in its role as consultant to the city and the hawc, have prepared an project definition document (pdd). although the document has not yet been made public, public works made a presentation to the hawc at a recent board meeting in which they outlined the project scope, selection process, and proposed terms and conditions contained in the pdd. we have two concerns that are the focus of our current lobbying efforts: the recommended selection criteria includes price as a consideration. our concern is that price will become the sole focus, allowing us filter to deliver on their threat to do whatever it takes to win the project. we believe a qualifications-based selection process, followed by price negotiation would better serve the public; and, the proposed plant capacity is mgd with a firm option for an additional mgd. (it is not at all clear what terms and conditions will apply to the option.) we believe simply establishing the capacity at mgd, as we proposed in our submittal last may, is fully justified and in line with the intended goal of addressing regional water needs. azurix presentation well received by the hawc board: at last friday's meeting, the azurix-cdm team and each of three other vendors made presentations to the board. at the request of the board, the focus of the presentation was our vision of a regional water system and what approach to the newpp best fits that vision. a major theme of our story was the need for an initial plant capacity of mgd in order to serve the near-term demand of muds located just north of the city limits. questions from the board, particularly chairman david berg, suggest they are not inclined to increase the capacity without definitive assurance that doing so is a risk-free proposition for the city and the hawc. we emphasized our intent to structure the transaction to accomplish that, but doing so prior to contract award is not feasible. we will continue to drive that point over the next week, but the mgd excess capacity will likely remain in the form of an option in the final pdd. informal feedback from public works indicates the azurix presentation was by far the most substantive and informative of the four and was well received by the board. azurix-cdm short-listed: also at last week's meeting, the board unanimously approved the previously announced recommendation of public works to short-list three competing teams: azurix-cdm, us filter, and montgomery-watson. we still believe us filter is our most formidable competitor. in recent weeks, the us filter team has approached us via dannenbaum engineering and made veiled overtures to combining forces. this coincides with conversations, i understand you may have had with jim royers. the ball was left in jim dannenbaumŠ—Ès court last monday and we have not heard anything since. while we do not see us filter adding value to our proposal, especially with the project being downsized, we certainly have not rejected the idea outright. process defined: the hawc board approved the pdd for release to short-listed vendors, subject to any changes the board may choose to make. public works advises us they expect to finalize and release the pdd to short-listed vendors the week of october we will then have approximately six weeks to prepare a definitive proposal. the planned timetable still calls for the hawc to award the project by year-end. obviously, a great deal of work still lies ahead. nevertheless, i am encouraged by the events of the past several weeks and believe azurix is well positioned at this point. i will keep you apprised of developments as the process unfolds. in the meantime, please call me at extension should you have any questions or comments. "" "	Business"scholtes, sean crandall, matt motley, mark guzman, tom alonso, mark fischer, kristian j lande, monica lande, stewart rosman, greg wolfe subject: dj power cuts: blackouts lead firms to examine power supply x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Business" august ms. sharon firooz san diego gas & electric company century part court, suite d san diego, ca dear sharon: on behalf of enron power marketing, inc. (epmi), i appreciate the opportunity to respond to the san diego gas & electric (sdg&e) request for proposal (rfp) dated august enclosed are the attachments that constitute our response. the spreadsheet indicates the prices for of the products requested by sdg&e: the x and the x also enclosed is a term sheet indicating the terms and conditions of our offer. finally, we have included a pro forma confirmation letter indicating the exact language that upon which our offers are based. based on information provided in your rfp, it is our understanding that sdg&e has requested that sellers keep offers open from noon on september until pm on august epmi respectfully cannot keep its prices open this long. the prices provided herein are indicative only and subject to change. we are hopeful that sdg&e will change itŠ—Ès rfp process to limit the amount of time sellers have to keep offers open. while we understand that sdg&e needs some period of time to organize the offers and get certain approvals from various california government agencies, sellers like epmi need to manage our price risk. a period of time of about hours, or perhaps overnight, might allow the interests of sdg&e and sellers to be reasonably served. despite our position indicated above, we are hopeful that we can continue to participate in the sdg&e rfp process and ultimately reach agreement on a transaction. please contact me at if you have any questions. sincerely, chris foster term sheet seller: enron power marketing, inc. (epmi) buyer: san diego gas & electric company (sdg&e) delivery point: at sellerŠ—Ès option, any tie point into the san diego reliability area (sdlra) products: product x - energy delivered every hour of the delivery term throughout the term of the agreement. product x Š—– energy delivered he Š—– he monday through saturdays, excluding nerc holidays, throughout the term of the agreement. quantity: up to mw in total for all products with prices escalating prices for each additional mw block. these prices will be negotiable. price: see attached spreadsheet term: as mutually agreed to by seller and buyer conditions: contract will be done as a confirmation letter in the form of the enclosed, pursuant to the western systems power pool agreement. caiso energy is energy without ancillary services that is or will be scheduled as a scheduling coordinator (sc) to sc transaction pursuant to the california independent system operator (caiso) tariff and protocols and for which the only excuse for failure to deliver or receive is force majeure. if there is a caiso schedule adjustment, the parties shall apply the ex post price to the adjusted quantity to settle the ex post price against the contract price. Š—“ancillary services shall have the meaning set forth in the caiso tariff. Š—“caiso schedule adjustment means a schedule change made by caiso that is not caused by either party and is beyond either party's ability to control. notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the request for proposal for firm power from san diego gas & electric company dated august termsŠ—) enron power marketing, inc. (Š—“epmiŠ—) shall not be legally bound by any proposed pricing set forth in this term sheet unless and until epmi confirms in writing in a definitive agreement that it is so bound. the pricing propesed in this term sheet is indiciative only and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the rfp terms, epmi is not holding the pricing open as a legally binding offer until september epmi expressly reserves the right to change the pricing in this term sheet at any time up and until the rfp process is completed and shall only be bound to any pricing upon execution of an acceptable definitive agreement all terms and conditions, including pricing terms acceptable to epmi. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"ftnt capacity details package daily firm pipeline service primary receipt points capacity (dts) primary delivery points commodity fuel texas gas ft zone dominion at lebanon (meter # zone dominion ft texas gas at lebanon transco at leidy transco ft dominion at leidy zone princeton mainline junction following are the primary receipt points and daily receipt point quantities on texas gas: zone receipt points daily receipt quantities (dts) champlin (meter # cornerstone (meter # sl henry hub (meter # sl mamou (meter # note: the rates provided are believed to be complete and accurate; however piedmont is not responsible for any errors or omissions. nipps capacity details package daily firm pipeline service primary receipt points capacity (dts) delivery points commodity fuel national fuel ft transcanada at niagara transco at leidy transco ft national fuel at leidy zone princeton mainline junction note: the rates provided are believed to be complete and accurate; however piedmont is not responsible for any errors or omissions. transco capacity details packages - package service primary receipt points primary delivery points commodity fuel southeastern ft station piedmont zone city gate southeastern ft station piedmont zone city gate bundled sale (zone to station piedmont zone city transco ft (zone to station piedmont zone city gate sunbelt ft station piedmont zone city gate sunbelt ft station piedmont zone city gate piedmont cannot guarantee delivery to secondary zone delivery points downstream of piedmont's citygate. note: the rates provided are believed to be complete and accurate; however piedmont is not responsible for any errors or omissions. "" "	Business" to make use of office supplies that have been left at vacated workspaces, enron property and services corp is asking for your assistance. epsc will remove extra supplies from identified areas and place in a central location where they may be utilized by everyone. please identify areas in your business units that have been vacated and can be checked by epsc. once areas have been idenitified please call the help desk at option to obtain office supplies that have been accumulated by epsc, please email your needs to the following address: facilities help desk you will be contacted about available items. if you have any questions please call richard hensch at "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralfyi. thanks. lynn 	Personal" attached is pira's latest gas flash weekly. if you have any questions regarding the report's content, please contact: greg shuttlesworth (email: tom howard (email: richard redash (email: nobu tarui (email: or jane hsu (email: at contact client services regarding pira report distribution and address changes at email: note: circulation of the gas flash weekly outside a client's licensed distribution area is strictly prohibited. clients that are unsure of their licensed distribution or require an extension of their current license should contact their pira sales representative, or email to pira energy group - "" "	Business"earl eisenstein arnold l. faucheaux eric team team team gutierrez cecil harris steven jolly rich kendrick william team lavine mark lindberg lorraine martin jerry d. mccracken mike miller mary kay pavlou maria petersen keith pryor tony rance byron roensch david shafer john veatch stephen watson kimberly westbrook roger x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached is the revised regulatory matrix for transwestern's red rock expansion project reflecting the notice that tree clearing activities commenced on october at station remaining notifications include: start of construction at remaining stations (within days of start date) end of construction and in-service date (within days) actual costs (within months after facilities constructed) noise survey at stations & (within days after in-service), and any additional changes in construction and/or mitigation procedures (would require a director's letter before implementing change) any questions, let me know. thanks for your help. donna "" "	Business" guys: please see the new schedule for january. please note that this schedule is subject to change (ie. a change in what we are actually doing every day). thanks, bert meyers "" "	Neutralthe producer lumber pricing sheet. 	Businesswhy can't we use numbers? is this due to publicly available information? this package is being used for financing purposes and thus is excluded from any such limitation. kevin 	Personali have no idea what this means. please explain. 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"craig solberg geir anderson john guzman mark mier michael davis pete slinger ryan x-sdoc: x-zlid: start date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final "" "	Neutral" confirmation number: date created: monday august ticket status: ticketed electronically passenger information passenger frequent flyer number ticket number ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- mr jonathan mckay air canada aeroplan complete itinerary ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- from/to:calgary intl (ab) - houston intercont (tx) flight/class: date: wednesday august depart: arrival: seats: ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- final fare quote details passenger type base fare taxes total fare nbr total rules ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- adult grand total (canadian dollars) meal requests and special needs passenger meal request special need ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- mr jonathan mckay regular none this does not constitute an official document. if you have not received your itinerary/receipt by fax or mail prior to the date of travel, please pick-up the itinerary/receipt at any air canada ticket counter if you are travelling between canada and another country. if you are travelling within canada, you only need to obtain a boarding pass at the airport check-in counter, or at the departure gate if travelling without checked luggage. "" "	Personal" enron global technology is in the process of decommissioning the support for all non-standard internet email address formats. the only internet email address format that will be supported, once this effort is completed, is we will no longer support internet email address formats such as (where name is an abbreviation, acronym or alternative to an employees firstname and/or lastname). every enron employee has an internet email address of and must begin making the necessary arrangements to start using this internet address format if they are not using it already. any new/existing application systems or business cards that reference a non-supported internet email address will need to be changed to reference the only supported internet address format. it is important to remember to also notify any external contacts who are currently sending internet email to any non-supported internet email addresses. to determine what your supported internet email address is, take your name as it appears in outlook or lotus notes and replace any spaces that appear in your name with periods and append @enron.com. for example in outlook, alan smith, robert (firstname = robert, lastname = alan smith) will have a supported internet email address of important : if you need to update your business card(s) to reflect your supported internet email address, please ensure you test & confirm the delivery of internet email to your supported email address prior to updating your business cards. if you experience any issues with delivery of internet email to your supported internet email address, please contact the resolution center. we will communicate further details, including the cut-off date, in the coming weeks. meanwhile, it is imperative that you begin making the necessary arrangements to change over to using the internet email address format. if you have questions regarding this email, send an email to thank you for participation, cooperation and support. enron messaging administration "" "	Business 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"robert saldana alex choate heather soto elizabeth hogan irena d. cook diane h. lamadrid victor casas joe a. carter tamara dinari sabra l. halstead lia loving scott sanchez christina ramirez robert allwein robert boudreaux shanna collins joann gillespie steve garcia clarissa homco meredith wood tracy ordway chris loocke kelly alvarado kevin kinsey lisa brady kevin dempsey wes espey darren gilmore tammy lenart kirk mahmassani souad mcomber teresa pendergrass cora schrab mark l. straight margie white jessica williams jason (trading) greif donna pinion richard calcagno suzanne lakho shahnaz sullivan patti adams jacqueline p. christiansen suzanne evans ted groenewold shannon lisk daniel mack iii hillary mendel shelly sutherland jan wolfe jason brewer stacey j. olinger kimberly s. fletcher brenda h. baker natalie franklin mary theresa wukasch jeanne smith george f. villarreal jesse muzzy charles t. x-sdoc: x-zlid: friday, may lunch: irma's southwest grill beef and chicken fajitas refried beans and rice chips and hot sauce assorted can drinks tuesday, may breakfast: assorted crossiant's and fruit lunch: james coney island hamburger or two hot dogs chips and cookies assorted soft drinks wednesday, may breakfast: assorted pastries and fruit lunch: post oak grill santa fe salad with bread and cookie or grilled chicken sandwich with chips and cookie assorted soft drinks thursday, may breakfast: assorted taco's and fruit lunch: crumley's assorted sandwiches tortilla and baked potato soup assorted desserts and soft drinks "" "	Business" sorry, i filled out the form and sent it to hr. it was difficult to rank the candidate using the printed form but i thought she looked very good and after speaking with elizabeth to get her impressions (which i have not done), i would probably make her an offer. sara carol st clair pm to: susan tana sara cc: subject: jacqualine mckoy please send me an e-mail today with your impressions of this candidate so that i can report back to hr. thanks. carol "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"certificate of service by mail i, the undersigned, state that i am a citizen of the united states and am employed in the city and county of san francisco; that i am over the age of eighteen years and not a party to the within cause; and that my business address is pacific gas and electric company, law department beale street, san francisco, california i am readily familiar with the business practice of pacific gas and electric company for collection and processing of correspondence for mailing with the united states postal service. in the ordinary course of business, correspondence is deposited with the united states postal service the same day it is submitted for mailing. on the day of february, i served a true copy of: proposal to implement the interim california procurement adjustment, including draft preliminary statements by placing it for collection and mailing, in the course of ordinary business practice, with other correspondence of pacific gas and electric company, enclosed in a sealed envelope, with postage fully prepaid, addressed to: service list. i certify and declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the state of california that the foregoing is true and correct. executed on the day of february, martie l. way "" "	Business" i need phone numbers for customers invited to tw customer mtg. in november. thanks, ava "" "	Business" from: donoho lindy to: rapp bill x-sdoc: x-zlid: i will be out of the office until monday, november "" "	Business"maria cc: kilmer iii robert mcconnell mark harris steven kirk steve x-sdoc: x-zlid: lets plan on greg "" "	Businessi thought you both might want to work together for the customer service teams. i hope this helps. 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Businessattachment not found! 	Business"martha blair lynn boatman jack bradley rob branney theresa brennan lorna briggs tom butler janet comnes alan cordes bill corman shelley culwell christi darveaux mary dietz rick donoho lindy dornan dari dushinske john farrell sharon fossum drew fritch bret fulton donna goodpasture john hammond pearce w. harris steven hartsoe joe hass glen hayes robert hayslett rod heckerman bambi hess theresa hill robert holmes bradley holtzman staci hopkins tamara horton stanley huber lee imai rika janousek martha january steven kean steven j. kilmer iii robert king jr. frazier kirk steve kissner tim lantefield laura lawrence linda l. lichtenwalter blair linnell elizabeth loeffler michael lokey teb lowry phil mann ruth mara susan martens donna mccoppin dorothy mcgowan mike w. miller mary kay miller terri nacey sheila nelson kimberly (ets) neppl ray neubauer dave neufeld eva neustaedter robert nicolay christi l. novosel sarah paladino ranelle palmer maureen paschal zelda patterson geneva pavlou maria petersen keith place janet porter gregory j. pribble dan prizont karina pryor tony raker colleen rice randy ringblom kathy robertson linda saunders james sawyer lisa scott donna shafer john shapiro richard smith mike soldano louis stanton lon steffes james d. sullivan kathleen talcott jim taylor gina tu denis van norden mike veatch stephen vignaroli donald warner jody watson kimberly wilkie kim wilson rob winckowski michele wininger james yoho lisa x-sdoc: x-zlid: please click below for access to the weekly reports. click on whichever report you are interested in and you should be able to view both reports. remember to refresh your browser. for those preferring a word document, the weekly regulatory and legislative affairs report is attached. "" "	Business" awadmail issue march a weekly compendium of feedback on the words in a.word.a.day and other interesting tidbits about words and languages -------------------------------- from: wordsmith sponsor subject: sponsor of this awadmail issue: maui oma cafe, caffe, kahawa, kohii, kove, coffi, kaffe, kope, kavo, kahvi, koffie, kafe, kaffee - regardless of your linguistic preferences, coffee is a worldwide obsession. get yours direct and fresh roasted from maui oma at http://www.hawaiicoffee.net. -------------------------------- from: anu garg subject: on the horizon... it was on march eight years ago, that a.word.a.day sent its first word. while we observe our octennial next week, it's time for new initiatives. we're considering launching an ad-free, paid subscription service, in addition to continuing the existing free service. details to follow. -------------------------------- from: mike pope subject: re: a.word.a.day--impresario refer: http://wordsmith.org/words/impresario.html the word of the day reminded me of this quote. it's from rossini, the italian composer and apparently a famous procrastinator, reminiscing in a letter on the best time to compose an overture: wait until the evening before opening night. nothing primes inspiration more than necessity, whether it be the presence of a copyist waiting for your work or the prodding of an impresario tearing his hair. in my time, all the impresarios in italy were bald at thirty. -------------------------------- from: janelle forgette subject: impresario in my italian language class, we learned about the customs surrounding funerals, and that the person or company that arranges them is called an impresario. i thought it almost amusing at the time, since we associate that title with the world of entertainment, and i hadn't thought of funerals in that light. thanks to your definition, it now makes complete sense to me, and explains why the english name for the person who arranges funerals is undertaker. that title though is probably being taken over by funeral director - less gloomy sounding, i suppose. but if we're headed in that direction, why not go all the way to impresario and really brighten things up? -------------------------------- from: kenneth l. davis subject: re: buskin refer: http://wordsmith.org/words/buskin.html after too many years, the penny drops: the name of my high school drama club was sock & buskin. i knew it referred to footwear, but the history was never fully explained. many thanks. -------------------------------- from: cheryl la montagne subject: re: a.word.a.day--odeum refer: http://wordsmith.org/words/odeum.html on a recent broadcast of lbc (london) they were having a discussion about why cinemas were called odeon in the uk and one explanation given was that it was an acronym for oscar deutsch entertains our nation. oscar deutsch founded the odeon chain. -------------------------------- from: jeb b. raitt subject: re: a.word.a.day--odeum you wrote: > now you know why so many cinema halls are named odeon. including nickelodeon, was once the name of many theaters, then a music machine. and i can see why the theaters use the greek rather than the latin form. odeum is much too much like odium. -------------------------------- from: roy c kepferle subject: odeum odeum struck a chord in my memory of words to songs: put another nickel in, in the nickelodeon. all i want is loving you, and music, music, music. eight or ten from our colorado high school class of held afternoon impromptu dance sessions at our local cafe to the music of the day from the jukebox (nickelodeon) in the corner. the cost per play then was five cents, equal to the cost of a coca-cola. -------------------------------- from: eric shackle subject: spaghetti western refer: many have watched spaghetti westerns, but few have heard of spaghetti bridges. they're described, with amazing grace and five lords a-flipping, in the march issue of my free e-book http://www.bdb.co.za/shackle/ebook.htm ............................................................................ there are some that only employ words for the purpose of disguising their thoughts. -voltaire, philosopher send your comments to to subscribe or unsubscribe a.word.a.day, send a message to with subject line as subscribe <your name> or unsubscribe. archives, faq, gift subscription form, and more at: http://wordsmith.org/awad/ "" "	Business"greg bowen jr. raymond koenig mark palmer mark a. (pr) derrick jr. james rogers rex causey richard denne karen x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached are two versions of a press release. we plan to issue one of these before market open tomorrow. the second version assumes financial close on the remainder of the secured credit facility (i need someone to confirm or deny). the first version speaks only to the merger and our debt restructuring efforts. please review and provide comments as soon as possible to me and karen denne i understand that jeff mcmahon and jimmy lee will discuss the attached at cst tomorrow. "" "	Business" jeff mark james d richard elizabeth jeannie steven j kean, mark a peter subject: california power issue x-sdoc: x-zlid: nader speaks out against deregulation and asks for re-regulation. bill to set price caps is still stalled in the california assembly as of yesterday, the "" "	Businesswill need cover timelines when you meet w/ murray 	Business"control item from: ets solution center to: enron enron enron cc: rich sue ets omaha solution center x-sdoc: x-zlid: the following items were discussed in this week's ets and corporate change control item... oct. from a.m. - p.m., the unix team will perform maintenance and reboot app server emerald. the following applications will be affected: cas, erp/trv, izzie, siebel, webmodal, commodity logic. no impact to ets users is expected. oct. from - p.m., trizechan properties has scheduled a shutdown of all electrical service at allen center. enron network services will power down the network infrastructure between there will be no network access during the electrical maintenance and the outage will continue until ens is able to power up all of the networking devices. if you need access to anytime that saturday, you will need to contact trizechan properties beforehand with your security information. anyone to attempts to enter the building on saturday that is not on the list will be denied access. ets solution center - houston, at ets solution center - omaha, at "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" two of two comments received andrew s katz,director industry legal affairs edison electric institute pennsylvania avenue,n.w. washington,d.c. voice: fax: e-mail: "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral#NAME?	Business" john lavorato confirmed that ubs is indeed the winner. as i understand it, ubs has come to an agreement with enron for the purchase of the north america gas/power trading and marketing organization. we either have received or are expected to receive approval from the creditors committee today. creditors committee approval is considered likely as they have been in the loop on this transaction all along. it will most likely go in front of the judge on monday. approval from the judge is expected. i have a meeting in the next couple of hour where i will get more details. stay tuned ... tim "" "	Businessfyi. thanks. lynn 	Personal" kevin, no problem, just let me know if there is anything that i could do on my side. i am in town this week but i am not sure of my schedule yet. when i nail it down i will give you and chad a call. chris "" "	Personal" patrick, with regard to the deal we did on ice, their confirmation is right. it should be gas daily tetco not please let me know if you need any additional information. vladi pimenov "" "	Business" mark and david: here is the status of research our counsel in mexico is doing re online issues. carol ----- forwarded by carol st clair/hou/ect on am ----- pablo perezalonso pm to: cc: subject: re: update carol: we are working on the questionaire, but we have been delayed. we will have an initial draft by the middle of next week. regards >>> carol st clair >>> pablo and jose: could one of you e-mail me with an update of how your review of the online issues and documents is going and when we may be able to visit about your views on these matters? thanks. carol st. clair eb (phone) (fax) "" "	Business" tracy, i spoke with fred and we have a resource available to assists with the remaining ets modeling and development. dymetrix can be here this wednesday and will be dedicated to ets through the end of the year. he will be responsible for the completion of the o&m model for home office. he will also be responsible for the marketing initiative. i spoke to ben humann about omaha's resource needs. they will require a resource for two weeks starting november to implement the o&m contributor model. if they should decide to move forward with development of a full financial system, they will require an additional six weeks of time at a minimum. we will scope their financial system requirements during the initial two weeks to better determine what the actual recourse requirements will be. as we discussed this morning i will be dedicated to ets through the end of january. i will address the remain issues with operations. i address data transfer issues between adaytum and the data warehouse. i will assist with and manage all of the above initiatives. please feel free to contact me if you have and questions or concerns. thanks hoang vo "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" enron corp. smith houston, tx information for obtaining employment Š—“lŠ— visa please complete this questionnaire in full and return it together with all required documentation listed below to margaret daffin, full name: mckay jonathan donald (last) (first) (middle) (maiden) date of birth: september place of birth: calgary, alberta, canada . citizenship: canadian . u.s. social security number, if any: u.s. alien registration number, if any: ______________________________________________ address outside of the u.s. (include city, country, mail codes): grove hill road s.w. calgary, alberta, canada present address and phone number: grove hill road s.w. calgary, alberta, canada dates of prior period of stay in the u.s. for the past years, and type(s) of visa: march to february - tn visa worked as management consultant dates of prior periods of stay in the u.s. for any dependent family members and type(s) of visa:______________________________________________________________________________ complete legal name (very important) and address of enron affiliate, which employs you outside of the us in your current position: : enron canada corp. canterra tower, Š—– avenue s.w. calgary, alberta, canada brief job description for us position (at least two very descriptive sentences) responsible for trading desk operations. transact for short-term and intermediate commodity trading transactions. uses futures and financial tools as a service for customers and for internal hedging of deals. has enough knowledge of gas control, capacity release markets, storage and pipeline transport to play a major role in daily sourcing optimization._ brief description of specialized knowledge of enron used in current position abroad, especially anything proprietary to enron: currently, use the same trading strategies and business platform as enron north america corp. proprietary knowledge of business risks and risk management systems. current position abroad u.s. position number of people supervised number of above with university degrees unknown authority to hire and fire (or recommend) yes yes budgetary authority mm extent of authority over day-to-day operations the following documentation is required in order to obtain an employment visa: please note: visa takes approximately weeks to process copy of passport (all pages) for you and each family member (spouse and children) copy of i form (if any) for you and each family member (spouse and children) copy of updated, detailed resume (dates should include months) copy of university degree, translation (if applicable), and transcripts, if field of study not shown on diploma please advise us of any travel plans you may have in the next weeks. ______________________________________________________________________________ "" "	Neutral" _________________________________________________________________ weekend systems availability for pm through am _________________________________________________________________ scheduled system outages: ardmore data center - facility operations: impact: corp time: sat pm ct thru sat pm ct sat pm pt thru sat pm pt sat pm london thru sat pm london outage: sysadmiral fault tolerance split for netco/estate environments impacted: the outage the sysadmiral application will be brief and should not directly affect any applications. purpose: we are splitting the sysadmiral fault tolerance databases and master services on and database/master will be used for estate scheduling needs and will be used for netco scheduling needs. after the environments are split their will be no more replication between the two servers or fault tolerance. backout: reenable fault tolernace. contact(s): brennan, ryan lindsay, brian azurix: no scheduled outages. data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages. edi: no scheduled outages ees: no scheduled outages enron center south data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages enron north american lans: no scheduled outages field services: no scheduled outages. internet: no scheduled outages. messaging: no scheduled outages. market data: no scheduled outages. nt: no scheduled outages. no scheduled outages. other systems: no scheduled outages. sitara: no scheduled outages. sun/oss system: no scheduled outages. telephony: no scheduled outages terminal server: no scheduled outages. unify: no scheduled outages. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- for assistance enron resolution center specific help: information risk management sap/isc unify on-call [pager] sitara on-call [pager] rus/gops/geotools/aprs [pager] [pager] cpr [pager] edi support [pager] ees help desk or tds -trader decision support on-call [pager] "" "	Neutral" david, can you resend mpr? i mistakingly deleted file before all worksheets were printed. thanks, patti (sally's assistant) "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final ##cannot locate a preferred or revised_preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule. unable to assign deal number. 	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral" summary of contract terms pc combustion gas turbines enron south america electrobolt project delivery point: jacinto port blvd., houston texas optional delivery point: site laydown area (at option of purchaser), by change order to contract. delivery date(s): three units by july three units by august two units by march payment terms: payment of remaining balance due as of november according to the payment schedule attached hereto. retention letter of credit: $ of purchase price, to be held by purchaser until final acceptance of last unit. ge may replace with letter of credit in like amount. correction of equipment: ge is responsible for replacing or correcting any defective work or conditions prior to acceptance of the unit. ge must also correct punchlist items to purchaserŠ—Ès satisfaction within days after takeover, or purchaser may draw on retention letter of credit. document liquidated damages days late days late days late delivery of final o&m instructions liquidated damages if not delivered within days after site delivery date of the first unit. unit delay liquidated damages days late days late takeover liquidated damages per day per unit for each date that the unit fails to meet take over criteria by the end of time for completion. specific peformance near source sound level guaranty near field average a-weighted sound pressure levels for each unit < (referenced to micropascals) when measured at meters above any working elevation and meter from the surface. specific performance far field sound level guaranty far field average a-weighted sound pressure levels as installed with ge provided auxiliary equipment for each unit (referenced to micropascals) < for gas fueled and water injected unit at feet while operating at steady state loads from to percent.. specific performance exhaust emissions guaranty category value units of measure nox ppmvd @ co ppmvd @ electrical output guaranty adjusted electrical output per unit > kw (net of unit auxiliary loads). specific performance electrical output guaranty adjusted electrical output per unit > kw (net of unit auxiliary loads) heat rate guaranty adjusted heat rate not to exceed btu/kwh (lhv). specific performance heat rate guaranty adjusted heat rate not to exceed btu/kwh (lhv). output liquidated damages if a unit achieves the specific performance electrical output guaranty during performance test, but fails to achieve the electrical output guaranty, that that adjusted electrical output of the unit is less than the electrical output guaranty. heat rate liquidated damages per btu/kwh (lhv) that the adjusted heat rate of the unit exceeds the heat rate guaranty. maximum document liquidated damages max. delivery liquidated damages $ max. takeover liquidated damages $ max. output liquidated damages $ max. heat rate liquidated damages $ max. aggregate liquidated damages $ see attached schedules for additional information "" "	Business" homer - the problem with the language you suggest is that it will be triggered by any term that is longer than a month. as far as i know, we have never had a product that went from mid-month to mid-month. is that a real issue for us here? we have language in a few products already that takes care of the second issue (deals shorter than one month): each calendar month during the term of the transaction will be a determination period; provided that, if the term of the transaction is less than one calendar month, the determination period shall be the term of the transaction. in some cases (e.g. power swaps), when the deal is for less than a month the payment dates are modified to fall at the beginning of the following month (rather than days after the floating price is determinable). that is a commercial call. just let me know how you want to handle that issue. if mid-month to mid-month deals are likely, let me know and i will come up with alternative language. mark homer lin am to: mark joe scott cc: carlos robert subject: re: tanker freight long description mark, looks good. the product description looks fine for copying the shipping products that scott moncrieff is trading now in london. i'm a little concerned about the line: each calendar month during the term of the transaction will be a determination period... is it flexible enough in changing determination periods from mid-month to mid-month? as in june to july to represent a month? or will that just be another long description that we would have to draft for another product type? also, what if we wanted to break up the determination periods into smaller increments than one month? let us say a or period instead of a full month. may be something like: each calendar month during the term of the transaction will be a determination period unless otherwise specified by the effective dates that's my two cents, homer from: mark taylor on pm to: joe homer carlos cc: scott robert subject: tanker freight long description here is a draft of the us version. please let me know if it works for you. "" "	Businessthis work request is limited to april data. please see the attached amendment. hollis 	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral"kevin arnold john phillip nowlan jr. john l. mcclellan george zipper andy black don x-sdoc: x-zlid: greg whalley's four diamond club level astros tickets are available for tonight and tomorrow night & please advise if you have an interest. many thanks, liz taylor "" "	Personal" meter sweeny phillips, has been reallocated for if you have any questions, let me know. - aimee "" "	Business<omni> <omninotes> <omnipab> <omnitodos> <omnicalendarentries> 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" gerri , frank gave me the info that per the edf statement ng margin is with them from what you see is this number possible ? dutch "" "	Business"arana, mallik avs, jill babineaux, john ballentine, cynthia barrow, eric benson, robert benson, eric boyt, lee brace, gabriela cantu, mari capestany, tim carter, trey comiskey, kathryn corbally, minal dalia, justin day, guy dayvault, phil demoes, karen denne, mark denner, tammi depaolis, tushar dhruv, jim dowden, gary dreadin, matthew duffy, russell dyk, max eberts, dale eldridge, javier espinoza, john fardella, suzanne farrow, nelson ferries, timothy fess, danielle flanders, jodie floyd, david fontana, jeff forbis, mike fowler, terry galassini, lou geiler, elberg gelin, kapil ghosh, doug gilbert-smith, sue gnade, raimund grube, janel guerrero, james guidry, linda hallmark, steven harris, joe hartsoe, micah hatten, peter hayes, john hodge, stanley horton, michael howe, sally hsieh, karen hulscher, mukesh kavia, julia kazibwe, sean kiehne, dan kirtane, mark koenig, greg krause, jae-moo lee, javier li, maggie li, rebecca longoria, kathy m lynn, darren maloney, dave mangskau, lino mastrangelo, peter mcgriskin, michael j miller, heather mitchell, gil muhl, maritta mullet, john noland, sarah novosel, robert olmstead, shashi patel, roger persson, gary phillips, scott porter, edward preston, gale ramsaran, dave rhodes, emmanuel rialland, erin a rice, sue rich, teresa roberts, george rood, jennifer rudolph, marc sabine, joseph santo, james scribner, neha shah, nelda shealy, elizabeth shim, linda shoup, john m singer, patricia slaughter, dina snow, joan stransky, eduardo tellechea, heather thompson, eric tipp, richard tomaski, richard troyer, june walker, martin wang, joy werner, jaime williams, johnnie williams, joannie williamson, dejoun windless, james m wood, max yzaguirre, robert zinner, john zurita subject: do you use dow jones interactive? x-sdoc: x-zlid: enron is in the process of re-negotiating our contract with dow jones interactive and we need to know if you are currently accessing this data. in the near future there will be a cost associated with this information and you are currently listed as having a license. please click on the below link and let us know if you need continued access to this service. thank you, market data sonya l. johnson enron networks market data analyst/it "" "	Business" well, i've lost today somewhere along the way. how about friday morning? you and i can discuss the agency agreement, then get them on the line. anytime is good for me. kay gregg penman pm to: kay cc: subject: re: agency agreement thanks for the quick turn. as for dave gorde, i am available this afternoon, thursday (which he is not) and maybe friday morning. tammy shepperd, accounting, was also going to check on the necessity of a dash so i would like to include her to the extent she is either available or interested. thanks, gregg "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral" dear sally: congratulations on your new role! all the best with it!!! best regards, joseph koothrappally "" "	Personal" after much success last year with our askwhy advertising campaign and public relations efforts, enron continues to explore new ways to exponentially increase its' brand awareness not only through television, but also by exploring new mediums. one approach is through customer relationship marketing (crm), where we will seek opportunities that allow our commercial teams to directly interact with important cxos and existing customers. to this end, we are proud to announce our participation in the frank gehry architect exhibition at the guggenheim museum in new york city, which will be open to the public from may through august frank gehry is a world-renowned architect who has designed the unique building at the end of our ode to why commercial and his art dominates skylines around the world. with this exhibition, gehry's evolving genius comes to life. for years, his inspiration has long been hidden in sketches and models unseen by anyone but his closest collaborators. by challenging the conventional, he has redefined his industry just as enron has in business. through enron's association with this world-class exhibit, we will subtly push our brand attributes forward, as we strive to be the leading company in the world. all employees are invited to visit this exhibition free of charge with an enron id badge beginning may for more details, please visit home.enron.com. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"j farmer, pat clynes, carlos j rodriguez, stella l morris subject: desk summary report x-sdoc: x-zlid: the cpr report named desk summary is currently being reviewed for an upgrade. i have been told that this report is used during bidweek to check positions on a particular pipe (for a particular zone). if you do not need additional data, this report could very easily be added to the report selection in the sitara reporting application. if anyone would like to see more detailed information on the report, please let me know. there may be a report that is already in production that they can access. please let me know if the format currently in cpr is sufficient as soon as possible. chao! "" "	Neutral" hello cora and kam, kay says below in response to my e-mail below that the deals shown should be pg&e energy trading - gas corporation. if either of you can, please make the change in sitara. if someone else needs to do this, please let me know. thanks for the help. doug "" "	Business"annual enron management conference november conference objectives articulate to enronŠ—Ès senior management the strategy behind the recent reorganization demonstrate the benefits and methods to achieving one enron generate enthusiasm among senior management so to align them with the strategy stimulate communication of the strategy throughout enron conference themes building shareholder value achieving one enron creating a free market for intellectual capital agenda Š—– thursday, november breakfast ken lay welcome & enron update jeff skilling introduction to building shareholder value michael mobison, first boston building shareholder value Š—– macro perspective lowell bryan, mckinsey building shareholder value Š—– micro perspective ron hulme, mckinsey building shareholder value Š—– enron perspective break enron panel building shareholder value/creating one enron moderator: ron hulme panelists: jeff skilling, joe sutton, cliff baxter, john sheriff, jim bannantine keynote speaker sam palmisano, ibm (invited) lunch afternoon activities cocktail reception dinner ken lay chairmanŠ—Ès award presentation activity awards presentation adjourn agenda Š—– friday, november breakfast joe sutton introduction to discussion on intellectual capital maryann haedaa, former dean, columbia business school winning the war for talent jeff skilling new compensation structures and performance measurement processes question and answer break ken rice/joe hirko highlighted new business Š—– eci louise kitchen highlighted new business Š—– ecommerce/click trading (tentative) Š—“stephen michael peter thomasŠ— (a.k.a. john butman) Š—“why i love business Š—– the book thatŠ—Ès sweeping americaŠ— light-hearted minute presentation outlines the Š—“five learningsŠ— of business: leadership is hard; communication is important; change is different; people are human; and the future is tomorrow ken lay closes conference optional lunch departures "" "	Business"exhibit balance sheets at december of dollars) cash and marketable securities accounts receivable inventory property, plant, and equipment other total assets short-term bank debt accounts payable other short-term liabilities long-term debt capitalized lease obligations deferred taxes and other accruals total liabilities net worth total liabilities and net worth exhibit income statements for years ending december (millions of dollars) sales cost of products sold sales, general, and administrative expenses operating profit interest expense income from sale of tax benefits -- -- gain on sale of subsidiary companies and disposition of operations equity in earnings of foreign associate companies other income income before items below less: provision for income taxes less: minority interests plus: extraordinary gain net income exhibit market interest rates, march domestic markets eurodollar markets federal funds rate: (interbank rate): prime rate: maturities treasury bills prime eurodollar cds prime domestic cds libor yankee cds year fixed rate bonds year fixed rate eurobonds(a) (u.s. dollar obligations) treasuries aaa eurobonds federal agencies aaa industrials aa industrials bbb industrials year floating rate notes(a),(b) year floating rate notes(a) aaa bank holding cos. t-bills foreign govt. guaranteed libor aa bank holding cos. t-bilss aaa banks libor - year fixed rate obligation long-term bonds treasurys aaa industrial - bbb industrials - residential mortages fha insured - conventional - a. all these rates are quoted here on a semiannual equivalent yield basis, the conventional yield-to-maturity basis used in the domestic u.s. bond markets. in the eurobond markets, bonds typically pay interest annually, not semiannually as in the united states an eurobond (with annual coupons) would have a semiannual equivalent yield to maturity of not = b. this is a thin market where almost all notes have been issued by high credit quality bank holding companies. it is difficult, therefore, to estimate market rates other than for these aaa and aa bank notes. exhibit yields and yield spreads, average gross spreads versus the treasury bill average commercial treasury bill yield cds paper libor jan.,feb. note: average of monthly observations for each year. a. yields and yield spreads averaged over january and february the b.f. goodrich-rabobank interest rate swap harvard business school case software copyright (c) by the president and fellows of harvard college. professor jay o. light prepared this case as the basis for class discussion rather than to illustrate either effective or ineffective handling of an administrative situation. scroll down for list of exhibits... worksheet navigation this worksheet contains the data from the following exhibits: exhibit balance sheets at december exhibit income statements for years ending december exhibit market interest rates, march exhibit yield and yield spreads, the first exhibit is located in the position. to view each succeeding exhibit, use the scroll bar to view the next exhibit optional navigational technique each exhibit in this worksheet has been named using the <formula> <define> <name> commands in excel. this allows you to easily move from one section of the worksheet to another. either of the following techniques will allow you to move from one exhibit to another. click on <formula> in the menu bar, then select <go to...> from pulldown menu a dialog box will appear listing the exhibts click on the exhibit you wish to view, then click on <ok>. or you may use the scroll bar or arrow keys to page down through the list of exhibits if the one you wish to view is not immediately apparent. scroll to to go to first exhibit... revision history date name explanation of change k.fitta harvard business school converted to excel "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Neutral"paper/pulp deal ticket erms deal ticket number: (to be completed by risk managment) month day year deal date: ect b/s ect trader other: counterparty other: papeis inapa, s.a. counterparty contact jose manuel byrne phone fax broker commission deal type transaction type other: linked trade option style other: physical prem (ex: - official board markets) commodity storage other total - pricing reference commodity location low/high/avg publication other: bleached hardwood kraft, eucalyptus low france calculation period payment/settlement date business days after price is known other: note: fall back pricing: commodity location low/high/avg publication spread other: trade terms conditional option only swap only physical only short/metric monthly vol. start date end date fixed price strike premium expiry date storage transport currency note: note: this trade is done between ect london and counterparty. then the back to back trade will be between ect london and ect. index nbsk - europe nbsk - us nbhk - us sbsk - us sbhk - us fluff pulp lwc no. lb. lwc no. lb. groundwood lb. lb. offset rolls sc - a lb.) gm) lb. linerboard lb. semichem medium other location buffalo chicago la new england ny pac nw sf southeast southwest east west other low/high/avg low high average other pulication risi - recovered materials monitor risi - paper trader risi - world pulp monthly risi - paper packaging monitor pulp & paper week official board markets board converting news pulp & paper international other calculation period daily weekly monthly quarterly annual other spread month lookback other short/metric short tons metric tons currency us $ gbp euro ff lira dm peseta other month january february march april may june july august september october november december day year buy sell trader bob crane bryan burnett chris croom david cox ed quinn edward ondarza elliot bonner fraser allen greg bruch joe jure john cummings kevin cordesman lisa palmer martin holmes michael moulton mike horning paul saverance rob scheur scott shields steve kim tom bruce-jones other deal type physical financial transaction type swap cap put conditional swap forward other option style asian american european other business contact phone fax days counterparty settlement affiliated newspapers investments, inc. atlantic packaging products ltd. the bakersfield californian brant-allen industries, inc. cascades, inc. chef america, inc. cigna property & casualty insurance co. conagra energy services, inc. enron capital & trade resources canada corp. georgia-pacific corporation iesi holding corporation inland paperboard & packaging inc. irving pulp & paper, limited j.d. irving, limited jefferson smurfit corporation knight-ridder inc. macromedia incorporated master packaging (n.b.) inc. merita bank plc miles kimball company minnesota mining & manufacturing company national bank of canada normapac, inc. ore-ida foods, inc. pacific forest resources papier masson ltee. repap new brunswick, inc. riviana foods, inc. rock-tenn company rumpke consolidated companies, inc. sonoco products company southern company energy marketing l.p. tom fletcher st. laurent paperboard, inc. star-kist foods, inc. tembec inc. the dial corporation the dispatch printing company the e.w. scripps company the mark group, inc. the mead corporation the new york times company the peltz group, inc. the times mirror company transamerica holdings, l.l.c. waste management, inc. tom riek western publishing co. other fallback index nbsk - europe nbsk - us nbhk - us sbsk - us sbhk - us fluff pulp lwc no. lb. lwc no. lb. groundwood lb. lb. offset rolls sc - a lb.) gm) lb. linerboard lb. semichem medium other fallback location buffalo chicago la new england ny pac nw sf southeast southwest east west other fallback low/high/avg low high average other fallback pulication risi - recovered materials monitor risi - paper trader risi - world pulp monthly risi - paper packaging monitor pulp & paper week official board markets board converting news pulp & paper international other "" "	Businessi'm funny. don't you think? 	Personal" dear william, take off any web site order from wind & weather and enjoy special discounts on these selected holiday gift items: "" "	Personal" aimee, the global octanes plant crashed last night. the undertakes (volume below the base load sale) will not go to the buyback. this is considered a force majeure. do not allow any volumes to be allocated to the buyback until notified by either lee papyoti or myself. thanks. d "" "	Businesshey. hear that you didn't get to hit with dan on monday but instead got a few games of doubles under your belt. how did that go? i was wondering if you wanted to hit on thursday either during lunch or after work. i usually have a meeting during lunch on thursday but heard it might be cancelled. i am going to be up at the met this evening and will book a court if you want to hit during either times. i will just have to get back with you if you want to hit during lunch to let you know if we have our meeting or not. talk to you soon. char 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" on sunday we had a problem with psco, they tried to back out of a purchase from el paso since they claimed they were picking up the power at the fc bus instead of the bus. also there is an issue with the schedule being until further. this once again highlights our need to be as clear as possible on all aspects of the deals that we do. all new people should have a discussion with myself or another senior member as to the differences between the fc's busses, n. gila vs. devers and other points on the grid that you are unsure of. thanks, ryan "" "	Business" [image] [image] postmaster general says: safety not guaranteed! we do not have a fail safe system in place to protect the mail or the citizens of the us against anthrax postmaster general, jack potter october [image] ' are you concerned about getting anthrax? ' do you want to protect against anthrax coming to your home or office thru the mail? ' do you want to know how to eradicate anthrax and prevent anthrax infection? [image] ' do you know how ultra-violet light eradicates anthrax and other potential bio-terror viruses and bacteria? new anthrax zapper announced - click here to order or for more info the anthrax exterminator is a portable hand-held and battery operated unit similar in appearance to a flashlight which allows people to easily zap anthrax and sterilize surfaces such as your mail box, the mail itself, desks, counters at home or in the workplace as well as thousands of other surfaces that people come in contact with everyday. the anthrax exterminator eradicates anthrax bacteria and other viruses in about seconds using an ultraviolet c wave-the germicidal method recommended by the centers for disease control. mr. english said: this early detection test will help people better protect themselves and their families against bio-terrorism. as was commented over the past weeks in the media regarding bio-terrorism, it's about preparedness not panic. since making the announcement yesterday we've been flooded with orders from every state and from all over the world. in this day and age we believe that is a small price to pay for peace of mind and anticipate shipping thousands of orders a day to consumers and businesses who are concerned about anthrax and bio-terrorism. concluded mr. english postmaster: no guarantees for safe mail click here to order or for more info ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ this email was sent to you because your email is part of a targeted opt-in list. if you do not wish to receive further mailings, please click below and enter your email at the bottom of the page. you may then rest-assured that you will never receive another email from us again. unsubscribe me please "" "	Personal"adamiak joseph mckechnie subject: re: lng schedule at eco x-sdoc: x-zlid: dan: please find the lastest day schedule from atlantic as of march please ignore the scheduling of the p deliveries for now. this was alng's work and we have not agreed to this designation. jane (embedded image moved to file: on pm to: jane michalek/cabot lng cc: fax to: subject: lng schedule at eco jane- per our phone conversation on friday, we will plan on receiveing the methane arctic with approximately m(superscript: about april this should hold us until the last part of april or first part of may. we will put out the official nomination as usual on march thanks and regards, dan masters office: fax: cell: email: - "" "	Businessyo! big guy check this 	Personalput this into the congestion redesign file if you haven't alread. 	Business" yan, just wanted to let you know i split the report into two reports as we discussed. the other report is called also, the cig/wic report should be added to your webpage, but it's not ready yet. thanks. mat "" "	Business" i'm flying to richmond this am. i'll read the abb contract on the plane, and let you know what i think this afternoon. hopefully, we can put it to bed. kay "" "	Business" ----original message----- from: peters, carmen sent: thursday, december pm to: athey, lyn; castaneda, lorinne; hernandez, catheryn subject: try this out! "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"credit support agreements - guaranty. the duly executed and delivered guaranty agreement from ectŠ—Ès guarantor in favor of counterparty dated as of may guarantor means, with respect to ect only, enron corp. "" "	Businessi'm in no hurry. 	Personal"matt motley, tom alonso, mark fischer, sean crandall, diana scholtes, jeff richter, carla hoffman, phillip platter, chris mallory, michael m driscoll, jeremy morris, bill williams iii subject: daily eol summary x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutraldid you hear from maco? 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalworks for me...thanks again for joining. laurie 	Personal"enron capital & trade resources confidential - for internal use only storage update file: below is a summary of the estimated storage working gas levels for the week ending: september gas in stg gas in quantity percent percent quantity quantity quantity prev week storage change change of full change from change from change from u.s. region (bcf) (bcf) from last week from last week capacity last year year avg. year avg. production area (tx, la, ok, ks, ms) market area - east market area - west total u.s. month to date enron gas services (as of are withdrawing, this keeping our total position flat for the week. aga full capacity maximum gas in stg level (bcf) minimum gas in stg level (bcf) "" "	Business" jeff dasovich, subject: x-sdoc: x-zlid: i have attached - jonathan leonard professor tel: student services building, fax: haas school of business university of california berkeley, ca. "" "	Neutral" law offices of daniel w. douglass attorney at law topanga canyon boulevard suite woodland hills, california telephone facsimile november direct dial: email: via email and fedex mr. kevin coughlan imc branch chief energy division california public utilities commission van ness avenue, room san francisco, ca re: southern california gas company advice letter supplemental filing - revised rule transportation of customer- owned gas dear mr. coughlan: transwestern pipeline company (Š—“transwesternŠ—) provides these comments with regard to the november filing by southern california gas company (Š—“socalgasŠ—) of its advice letter during the gas industry restructuring (Š—“girŠ—) panel hearings, several parties requested that socalgas publish the windowing criteria applicable to the operation of its receipt point system. in order to facilitate a better understanding of the method used by socalgas to allocate receipt point capacity, socalgas agreed to make such a filing. additionally, commission decision directed socalgas to file an advice letter adding windowing information to its tariffs. on august socalgas filed its original advice no. which described certain proposed changes to rule transportation of customer-owned gas. the commission has never acted upon this original filing. as noted by socalgas, this amended advice filing is intended to replaces in their entirety the changes proposed by the original advice letter transwestern believes that advice filing is a positive step in the right direction by socalgas. it has been clear that parties have sought greater clarity and precision with regard to the operation of the utilityŠ—Ès windowing procedures. the need has been clear for an implementation system that would be more easily understood, so that any allocations imposed by the utility would not be subject to misinterpretation. the modified advice letter represents a positive interim step that can be in effect until it is replaced with a system of firm tradable intrastate transmission rights in gir proceeding, docket no. transwestern has a significant interest in the operation of the socalgas receipt point allocation system, due to transwesternŠ—Ès status as a significant upstream provider of natural gas deliveries into the socalgas system. actions taken by socalgas directly affect transwesternŠ—Ès own operations and the arrangements it has with its shippers. transwestern therefore wishes to note that the system implemented by socalgas on november has a certain flaw that needs to be corrected. in instances where socalgas happens to issue an operational flow order (Š—“ofoŠ—) during the intraday cycle, it can cause transwestern to have shipper imbalances because it does not afford transwestern an opportunity to pass along these reductions to our upstream parties. when an ofo is issued in the intraday cycle, an allocation is passed to transwestern through the confirmation process with socalgas. due to the timing of these ofoŠ—Ès, transwestern is unable to confirm such reductions with transwestern's upstream parties. this causes problematical results, because shippers delivering gas into the transwestern system for ultimate redelivery to socalgas require timely information from transwestern in order that they may have their deliveries properly match the available capacity on both the transwestern and socalgas systems. transwestern is engaged in discussions with socalgas with regard to this issue and hopes that such discussions will prove to be fruitful. however, transwestern wishes to call this issue to the attention of the energy division so that it may assist in finding a resolution to this matter which is amenable to both parties and in the best interests of all shippers on both the socalgas and transwestern systems. thank you for your consideration of our views. sincerely yours, daniel w. douglass counsel for transwestern pipeline company cc: sid newsom - regulatory tariff administration - southern california gas company c. richard swanson - regulatory tariff manager Š—– sempra energy mr. paul clanon - cpuc energy division president loretta lynch commissioner richard a. bilas commissioner geoffrey f. brown commissioner henry m. duque commissioner carl w. wood [note: it is optional to cc the commissioners.] "" "	Business" kate, we are missing an id-s from st-wbom to st-cali for saturday. we sold mws to st-cali at this should be the same as friday's deal we either need a new deal for saturday or need to make friday's on-peak deal carry over into saturday. if you are changing the friday deal you need to do it before the flash, otherwise if you make a new deal for saturday you should have some time. thanks for the help. bill "" "	Business" the information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete. nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein. any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author. as such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by on behalf of carr futures or its officers, directors, employees or affiliates. Î© carr futures the charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s) contained in this email. if for any reason you are unable to receive the charts via the web, please contact me via email and i will email the charts to you as attachments. crude natural gas distillate unleaded dec wti/brent spread dec heat crack dec gas crack dec/may heat spread jan/feb heat spread nov gas/heat spread dec gas/heat spread nov/mar unlead spread nat gas strip matrix nat gas spread matrix crude and products spread matrix scott oblander fax carr futures s. wacker suite chicago, il "" "	Personal- revised x-sdoc: x-zlid: 	Business" we run full asset and background searches within less than hours. just call us toll free at and protect yourself america find inc. hour turn around time. just call us toll free at and protect yourself what do you really know about your employee? what do you really know about your lover? what do you really know about your baby sitter? what do you really know about your business associate? you need to protect yourself! you need to know the truth! just call us toll free at and protect yourself in hours or less, we will tell you everything to allow you to make an informed decision!! * tell you where they live now. * list all other residents of that household. * provide their full address history for the past decade. * confirm that their ssn is in fact registered to them. * provide names and phone numbers of relatives. * provide names and phone numbers of immediate neighbors. * identify all corporations or dba's in their name plus a free report on that corporation/dba. * list any real estate in their name complete with transfer deed data going back years. * report any vehicles and boats that they own (not available in all states). * report any professional licenses in their name. * report any tax liens against them in past years even if discharged. * report any civil judgments against them in past years even if discharged. * report any ucc filing tied to them covering past years. * report any past bankruptcies covering last years. * transcript of any newspaper articles about them since criminal convictions available as well!! all you need is their name and address to have this search run! even an old address up to years ago is sufficient. do not go uninformed. let america find inc. tell you the truth! we are fast. we are accurate. we are comprehensive. we run full asset and background searches within less than hours. try us!! just call us toll free at and protect yourself. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ as a courtesy, if you would like to be removed from further mailings send an email from the address you want removed to "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal 	Neutral" we get your creditors off your back! finally a debt consolidation program that works great for non-homeowners and/or homeowners with poor credit! [image]free professional help and relief from too much debt! [image]lower monthly payments by [image] end creditor harassment! [image] consolidate bills into one low monthly payment! free help to instantly reduce your interest rates and minimum payments! this is not a loan... a trained professional will negotiate with your creditors to consolidate your debt. for more information, please click here and fill out the short form. no cost or obligations. "" "	Neutral" laura luce <laura russell e murrell <russell e di mu <di mu/enron communications>, gregg penman <gregg cary m carrabine <cary m robin barbe <robin ruth concannon <ruth phil demoes <phil tammi depaolis <tammi nelson ferries <nelson john hodge <john david jones <david gil muhl <gil john m singer <john m maureen smith <maureen john craig taylor <john craig frank w vickers <frank w stephanie miller <stephanie philip polsky <philip kim ward <kim barry tycholiz <barry thomas a martin <thomas a janet h wallis <janet h cc: joseph deffner <joseph tanya rohauer <tanya louise kitchen <louise ed mcmichael <ed subject: structure for storage loans / deferred payment deals x-sdoc: x-zlid: the memo attached summarizes a structured deal that the market has shown some interest. essentially, this deal allows an ldc to defer payment for gas and avoid carrying costs (which may result in a dollar for dollar benefit to your customer's bottom line). we have done two of these deals to date. ena has interest in additional deals (albeit not an infinite appetite) if the structure allows us to move them off the balance sheet. please review the memo and target any of your customers that may have an interest. each deal will require a new quote from credit and from the cost of funds group. gas structuring is set up to structure these deals and develop them through to execution. please call me with any questions at "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"amerex natural gas price report january pm (cst) canadian market type bid offer term aeco bs feb aeco bs feb-mar aeco bs apr-oct domestic market type bid offer term gulf coast anr, la bs feb anr, la bs feb-mar anr, la bs apr-oct columbia gulf, la bs feb columbia gulf, la bs feb-mar columbia gulf, la bs apr-oct henry hub bs feb henry hub bs feb-mar henry hub bs apr-oct houston ship chan. bs feb houston ship chan. bs feb-mar houston ship chan. bs apr-oct ngpl, la bs feb ngpl, la bs feb-mar ngpl, la bs apr-oct tennessee, la bs feb tennessee, la bs feb-mar tennessee, la bs apr-oct texas eastern, e. la bs feb texas eastern, e. la bs feb-mar texas eastern, e. la bs apr-oct texas eastern, s. tx bs feb texas eastern, s. tx bs feb-mar texas eastern, s. tx bs apr-oct texas eastern, w. la bs feb texas eastern, w. la bs feb-mar texas eastern, w. la bs apr-oct texas gas, sl bs feb texas gas, sl bs feb-mar texas gas, sl bs apr-oct transco zn bs feb transco zn bs feb-mar transco zn bs apr-oct trunkline, la bs feb trunkline, la bs feb-mar trunkline, la bs apr-oct mid-continent chicago citygate bs feb chicago citygate bs feb-mar chicago citygate bs apr-oct dawn bs feb dawn bs feb-mar dawn bs apr-oct mich con citygate, g bs feb mich con citygate, g bs feb-mar mich con citygate, g bs apr-oct panhandle bs feb panhandle bs feb-mar panhandle bs apr-oct northeast columbia gas trans. bs feb columbia gas trans. bs feb-mar columbia gas trans. bs apr-oct tetco bs feb tetco bs feb-mar tetco bs apr-oct transco zn bs feb transco zn bs feb-mar transco zn bs apr-oct west citygate bs feb citygate bs feb-mar citygate bs apr-oct el paso, permian bs feb el paso, permian bs feb-mar el paso, permian bs apr-oct el paso, san juan bs feb el paso, san juan bs feb-mar el paso, san juan bs apr-oct malin bs feb malin bs feb-mar malin bs apr-oct northwest, rockies bs feb northwest, rockies bs feb-mar northwest, rockies bs apr-oct socal bs feb socal bs feb-mar socal bs apr-oct sumas bs feb sumas bs feb-mar sumas bs apr-oct waha bs feb waha bs feb-mar waha bs apr-oct prices are subject to immediate change due to the volatility of the natural gas market. all quotes are settled using the nymex last day settled vs. the inside ferc gas market report (first issue), unless otherwise specified, gd (gas daily). bs=basis swap ff=fixed floating fph=fixed physical indx=index physical gdfp=gas daily fixed pric fgdd=ferc/ gas daily ngdd=ngi/ gas daily for further information call "" "	Business" updated schedule through monday, feb "" "	Business" sharon, robin rodrigue and i tried to give you a call, but your voice mail says that there is no message recorded. we looked at the october p/l and could not find an other column with in it. if you could, please give robin a call at and she will be happy to answer your questions about this. thanks, errol "" "	Business"eol enhancements bridge problems - bridging have problems bridging canadian eol products and fixed price physical, also have very slow response time to for bridging requests. want zei's group to be responsible for bridging requests. eol just sends data feed - setting risk books need to be able to pick physical and financial books separately for term physical deals. not based on stack ids - update books be able to set risk books in product properties rather than product manager global properties be able to change certain product properties across all products in a stack or all highlighted products failed deal message include whether they were trying to buy or sell product management - custom ordering custom arrange products in my products tab - multiple tabs create multiple my product tabs - volume control up top create volume reset buttons up top with the price controls - gross up volume to reset create a button that will gross up the bid or offer volume to the reset volume hedging - formula pricing autohedge to more than one product - one sided hedging hedge on the offer or bid side web site - view historical cash prices be able to pull up time series of historical eol cash prices - must be able to download - update volume on limit orders - cancel limit orders - hold limit orders - place current market next to order screed - key in updated price in limit front screen "" "	Business" if you are unable to view this email please cut and paste the following url into your browser: http://www.herters.com/email/hemailgame.html [image] [image] [image] if you received this e-mail in error or would like to make changes, click here or go to http://www.herters.com/email/listindex.html to make changes or remove your subscription. "" "	Neutral" calendar entry: appointment description: john buchanan - oncall date: time: am - am (central standard time) chairperson: outlook migration team detailed description: "" "	Business" authorization to transfer funds and authorization to trade in securities morgan stanley & co., incorporated: without limiting or modifying the provisions of the morgan stanley & co. incorporated prime broker margin or cash account agreement and, if applicable, trading authorization executed by the undersigned customer, you are hereby authorized, until your receipt of a written notice of revocation with respect hereto, without prior notice to the undersigned customer, to accept instructions from the individuals listed below to transfer any funds, securities, management fees or other property from any account of the customer maintained by you or any of your subsidiaries or affiliates (list a), and/or to buy, sell, sell short, tender, convert, exchange, write, exchange or trade in stocks, bonds, option contracts and any other securities on margin (if authorized) or otherwise in accordance with your terms and conditions for the undersignedŠ—Ès account and risk and in the undersignedŠ—Ès name or number on your books (list b). the undersigned hereby agrees to indemnify and hold you harmless from, and to pay you promptly on demand, any and all losses arising therefrom or debit balance due thereon. the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms any and all transactions with you heretofore or hereafter made by the individuals listed below. it is understood that the individuals authorized below to transfer such funds are responsible for promptly confirming in writing each transfer of funds, securities, or other property pursuant hereto. list a - names of individual(s) authorized to transfer funds: ____________________________ ______________________ ____________________________ (name of individual - please print) (title) (signature) ____________________________ ______________________ ____________________________ ____________________________ ______________________ ____________________________ ____________________________ ______________________ ____________________________ list b - names of individual(s) authorized to trade securities: ____________________________ ______________________ ____________________________ (name of individual - please print) (title) (signature) ____________________________ ______________________ ___________________________ ___________________________ ______________________ ___________________________ ____________________________ ______________________ ___________________________ this authorization and indemnity is in addition to (and in no way limits or restricts) any rights which you may have under any other agreement or agreements between the individual listed above for the undersignedŠ—Ès account. the authorization and indemnity shall continue and remain in full force and effect until revoked by the undersigned by a written notice addressed to you and delivered to your principal office in new york city, but such revocation shall not affect any liability in any way resulting from transaction initiated prior to such revocation. this authorization and indemnity shall not be affected by the subsequent disability or incompetence of the undersigned. this authorization and indemnity and its enforcement shall be governed by the laws of the state of new york and its provisions shall be continuous and shall inure to the benefit firm and of any successor firm or firms irrespective of any change or changes at any time in the personnel thereof for any cause whatsoever, and of the assigns of your present firm or any successor firm, and shall be binding upon the undersigned, and/or the estate executors, administrators and assigns of the undersigned. if any provision of this authorization and indemnity shall be rendered invalid for any reason, the provisions of this agreement so affected shall be deemed modified or superseded, as the case may be, and all other provisions so modified or superseded shall in all respects continue and be in full force and effect. _____________________________________ ____________________ (name of authorized individual - please print) (date) _____________________________________ (title) ___________________________________________________ (signature) "" "	Businessfull day url 	Neutral"the Š—“good old daysŠ— of cost-plus rate regulation were not really as good as some people would like to remember them. in reality, the traditional model produced more waste, less service, fewer innovations and, yes, high prices. conversely, customers across the country have benefited from efficiency gains and a downward trend in electricity prices during the emerging competitive regime that began in the according to a new analysis commissioned by the electric power supply association (epsa). for more information and a look at the data contained in the epsa analysis performed by the boston pacific co., please visit www.bostonpacific.com/powerprices, or contact jackie gallagher at cost -plus regulation is a minuscustomersfor power new york avenue, nw, floor washington, dc fax www.epsa.org in the introduction to its landmark open-access order no. the federal energy regulatory commission recalls that, during the heavily regulated and early inflation-adjusted electricity prices increased percent for residential customers and percent for industrial/ commercial customers. that significant increase before is in sharp contrast to the significant decrease epsa found in inflation-adjusted electricity prices during the subsequent period, in which the nation began evolving toward a competitive electricity business. this evolution, a customer-driven response to cost overruns and poor performance at large baseload power plants during the began with implementation during the early of the public utilities regulatory policy act, initiating the development of an independent power supply industry. during the period, inflation-adjusted electricity prices decreased on average by percent for residential customers, percent for industrial/commercial customers and percent for the Š—“all customersŠ— class. moreover, the decreases were widespread. in epsaŠ—Ès sample, percent of the utilities exhibited greater than a percent decrease in inflationadjusted prices for residential customers; percent reported greater than a percent decrease for industrial/commercial customers. while competition isnŠ—Èt the only reason prices fell during this period, it was an important component. for example, the most dramatic price decreases occurred where competitive pressure was the greatest. initially, that pressure was in the industrial/ commercial sector, primarily in the form of on-site cogeneration, which helped lead to a percent reduction versus percent for captive residential customers. similarly, the development of robust competition in wholesale power markets contributed to the percent decline in the Š—“all customersŠ— class, which includes wholesale electricity sales (sales-for-resale). moreover, to the extent price decreases can be attributed to declines in fuel prices, this also can be traced indirectly to competition in other energy businesses. the organization of petroleum exporting countriesŠ—È hold on oil prices was broken as the oil price spikes of the led to aggressive marketplace responses from both suppliers and consumers. natural gas prices also fell as that business was restructured. summary of results average reduction in real prices all customers (including wholesale) residential customers industrial/commercial customers share (%) of utilities with greater than decrease in real prices all customers residential customers industrial/commercial customers $ / kwh all customers class (including wholesale): graph of year-by-year real prices utility alabama power company allegheny power system arizona public service company arkansas power & light baltimore gas & electric carolina power & light central illinois light company (cilco) central louisiana electric company (cleco) central power & light commonwealth edison % consolidated edison dayton power & light delmarva power & light detroit edison duke power duquesne light el paso electric company empire district electric company georgia power company gulf power company gulf states utilities idaho power ies utilities illinois power indianapolis power & light jersey central power kansas gas & electric louisiana power & light louisville gas & electric metropolitan edison mississippi power & light mississippi power company monongahela power montana dakota utilities nevada power company new orleans public service niagara mohawk power northeast utilities oklahoma gas & electric pacific gas & electric potomac edison potomac electric power psi public service company of oklahoma puget sound energy reliant energy inc. rochester gas & electric san diego gas & electric savannah electric power sierra pacific power south carolina electric & gas southwestern electric power texas-new mexico power tucson electric power company txu electric company utilicorp united west penn west texas utilities wisconsin electric power wisconsin power & light % average percent reduction in real rates for all customers (including wholesale customers) "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralkay: i'd like to talk to you about this in the morning... 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralcall me in the morning 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"lisa saucier darla anastas sherry love phillip m. campos sylvia a. wynne rita mcclure mark kinsey lisa mims patrice l. wesneske brian x-sdoc: x-zlid: it has been sylvia's understanding that nicor gas company is a hub which is a storage facility, not the inverse. we believe there has been a misinterpretation as to what has been stated. in fact, these contracts have been setup since attached please find the contracts for nicor gas company and northern illinois gas company. these contracts have existed in the global contracts system. per the letter dated january northern illinois gas company changed its name to nicor gas company. it indicated that any existing contracts did not have to change its name to nicor gas company. thus, the contracts remained under the name northern illinois gas company. further, these existing contracts were parking, storage, transportation and pooling service agreement. we suggest that you setup deal tickets and if necessary, we setup new contracts with the service of balancing ,wheeling and loan. these contracts will feed to unify accordingly. some of the contracts already have deals, which is indicated on the contract title or you can run the sitara report to locate the deals behind the contracts. if you need our assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us. thank you. marlene d. hilliard "" "	Business" get ready. beginning in november, electronic pay stubs will be available to all employees who have their paychecks direct deposited into their bank account. electronic pay stubs are an easy, fast, and efficient way for you to get your payroll information. they will also help enron to realize a considerable savings in time and dollars spent over traditional printed pay stubs. if you prefer to receive a hardcopy of your pay stub, click on the link below to complete a request form. this form must be submitted to payroll by october unless you submit a form your pay stub information will default to electronic viewing. please click on the link below. name: bradley mckay personnel number: phone: if you have questions about electronic pay stubs, please contact janice priddy (payroll) or marie newhouse (clickathome) at or send an email to (enron payroll in outlook). stay tuned for more details in the coming weeks. "" "	Businessfyi--ranelle did some research on the std. l requirements for both companies. please call her direct if you have any questions. 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" to: christina sanchez / ami chokshi (enron) from: steve holmes (devon) date: subject: revised availabilities effective effective date ctp name gross vol. (mmbtu/d) pvr % pvr volume avail. after pvr (mmbtu/d) dbq excess ei b of month dbq = "" "	Neutral"d. palmer, b. scott giron, darron c. cc: mclaughlin jr., errol subject: curve files x-sdoc: x-zlid: there is a new directory for the curve files. i am trying to request access to this for the traders so they can't see the rest of our files. this should be done soon. can you move your files to this drive today? "" "	Business" jeff mark james d richard elizabeth jeannie steven j kean, mark a peter subject: california power issues database x-sdoc: x-zlid: we have developed an intranet site/database for information tracking purposes for the california power issue. the intranet site will be placed on the home.enron.com webpage by tuesday morning for all enron employees to access. however, today, this comprehensive database is available to you for your california power issue needs. the database has been populated with the latest information that i have received concerning this topic and has been broken down in three categories: california power issues, national power issues and secured documents. it has then been broken down further into subcategories. the secured documents sections will only be accessible to those that are receiving this e-mail. please let me know if you believe others should have access to this information. the secured document section contains all the information that i have received that luntz consulting has helped us develop, i.e. principals, statements, speeches and facts, as well as, talking points and other statements developed internally. these documents can be easily switched to open access to all enron employees if you believe that these documents should not be restricted. to access the intranet site you must be logged on to the network and then go to this link: (it is best if you copy this link and paste it in your internet explorer or netscape browser.) once you are at this site you will be able to access all articles and information that i have collected/received concerning the california power issue. you can navigate the site by using the links on the left hand side of the screen. while navigating this site, keep in mind that the actual interface will be changed before we go live on tuesday morning. to access the secured documents, click on secured documents and type in your user name, which is the same as if you are logging onto the network, and then type in your password, which is the same as if you are logging onto the network. however, if you have difficulties entering this site, you will need to change your lotus internet password. which is very simple to do and which you will need to do regardless if you decide to use this site or not, it is all part of the current computer migration. to change your internet password, go to this link and then hit the edit person key. go to the last field that says internet password and type in whatever password you would like, preferably your current network login password. (in the internet password section you will see a bunch of numbers and letters, delete those and enter your new network password.) there are still some bugs that will be worked out by tuesday, but i thought since this is such a fast moving issue it was best to get this tool out so it could be used when needed. if you have any questions, please call me at thanks, gavin "" "	Business" bridgeline gas marketing daily natural gas statement $ in thousands june us physical physical total storage ft-bridge ft-bridge-opt ft-bridge-suba ft-bridge-gd total total intra-trading origination cash financial gas (in us$) trader smith parks bond stephens originations ref! ref! physical trading: intramonth hedge management ref! ref! transport ref! omicron ref! storage ref! cash desk reserve ref! mid-mkt originations ref! affiliate demand charge ref! total physical trading p/l ref! ref! financial trading: options variance financial hedge management ref! ref! change in price prudence change in other ref! ref! total financial trading p/l ref! ref! canadian p/l w/o trans shift in us$ translation shift in us$ (memo) canadian p/l net of trans shift in us$ total mtd gas (including non-mid mkt orig) ref! ref! above mkt asset transfer entex overburn/underburn affiliate settlements net mtd gas (including non-mid mkt orig) ref! ref! net mtd gas trading ref! ref! daily change physical trading new deals change in accrued change in aff deman charge change in mtm curveshift physical trading p/l transport transport/basis reserve transport expense/rev. demand charges/reimbursements net accrual transport/basis revenue transport cost est. residual transport exp/rev. capacity hedges - price capacity hedges - basis capacity hedges - index long-term transport long-term transport hedges long-term transport managed by intramonth intra-month transport hedges net mtm daily transport p/l omicron option premium option accrued value (in cpr) option mtm value (in cpr) net physical p&l option premium option accrued value option mtm value net financial p&l net omicron p/l storage ref! demand chrg, fuel, and royalties ref! ref! net accrual ref! ref! price ref! basis ref! index ref! demand charges ref! party revenue ref! physical commitment index ref! daily storage p/l financial hedge management hedge management: new deals change deals change in price change in basis price change in index price change in gas daily price change in weather hedge management change in foreign currency gamma vega theta rho, drift, order options variance broker fees total hedge management change in price prudence other changes change in cash originations daily trading p/l & cash orig affiliate settlements change in above market asset transfer daily trading p/l (excl. mm orig.) change in mm orig daily trading p/l and mm orig translation shift in us$ canadian p/l net of trans shift in us$ change in origination daily p/l asset demand charge bridgeline gas marketing monthly natural gas statement $ in thousands june us physical physical total storage ft-bridge ft-bridge-opt ft-bridge-gd ft-bridge-suba total total intra-trading origination cash financial gas (in us$) trader staff smith schockling parks stephens bond month to date physical trading: intramonth hedge management transport omicron storage cash desk reserve affiliate demand charge total physical trading p/l financial trading: options variance financial hedge management weather hedge management change in price prudence change in other total financial trading p/l mid-mkt originations canadian p/l w/o trans shift in us$ translation shift in us$ (memo) canadian p/l net of trans shift in us$ monthly trading p&l (incl. mm orig.) above mkt asset transfer entex overburn/underburn affiliate settlements mtd p&l (excl. mm orig) mtd p&l asset demand charge net mtd p&l gross ytd p&l ytd asset demand charge net ytd p&l "" "	Neutral"raymond jonathan j. ross rsanders (e-mail) subject: arbitrators in duke x-sdoc: x-zlid: here is some feedback i got from within susman godfrey: morris: several people have been before him as a judge or arbitrator and they all think he is fine. recall he also is the one who is a good friend of mike beatty. paul: extremely negative feedback roberts: even worse feedback than paul. sg took a very contentious deposition of him in the exxon valdez coverage case. webster: fine; but probably unacceptable to duke once they know enron's and my relationship with him. phillips: mixed. steve susman likes him and thinks he would be fine. others note that he apparently is extremely close to renfrew, having strongly urged renfrew as the neutral arbitrator in a matter in which phillips was the (unsuccessful) mediator. others note generally the obvious concern that renfrew may have some special sway with any former federal judge, a rather small and elite club. others noted that we should beware oklahoma based arbitrators in particular (morris, paul and phillips all are from okla.), where duke is a big player. with respect to potential counter-proposals, beatty is considering some names. in addition, two people suggested within sg are former state judge harlan martin (who runs jams' dallas office); and former circuit judge arlin adams (who ruled in sg's favor as sole arbitrator in our dispute with jack grynberg). neal s. manne "" "	Business" as you know, enron has signed a merger agreement by which dynegy will acquire enron. we expect the transaction to close following shareholder and regulatory approvals and various conditions to closing. even though enron has entered into this agreement, u.s. and foreign antitrust laws require that enron and dynegy continue to operate independently of each other. in particular, to the extent that enron and dynegy are competitors in various businesses or markets, their respective activities must be undertaken at arm's length until the transaction has closed. therefore, for antitrust purposes you should treat dynegy as you would any other unaffiliated company notwithstanding the merger agreement. in addition, all information, documents and communications related to the merger between enron and dynegy should be coordinated through and approved by mark muller, lance schuler, robert eickenroht, mark haedicke, rob walls or greg whalley of enron. it is absolutely critical that this procedure be maintained. to the extent that information is required to be disclosed to dynegy under the merger agreement, then such disclosure should be approved by one of the foregoing individuals. if you have any questions concerning this notice, please contact lance schuler robert eickenroht mark haedicke or rob walls thank you for your help in this matter. "" "	Business" american cancer society american cancer society in today's technological age, people still need answers about cancer. the american cancer society provides answers about cancer on the web and by phone. during breast cancer awareness month, help the society spread the word about breast cancer. here are five important breast health tips for women. _____ american cancer society send a limited-edition pink mug from abc's the view to a friend, and you will fight breast cancer in two ways. each donation and mug order makes a contribution to the american cancer society, and each mug arrives full of important breast health/early-detection messages. send a mug online. _____ american cancer society lush, jazzy and classic in one cd collection some of the world's top artists have gathered to create the music of hope cd, a remarkable collection released to benefit the american cancer society. paul mccartney, billy joel, ray charles, andre previn, tim janis, emanuel ax, kurt masur, the new york philharmonic and the london symphony orchestra have banded together not only to raise money for cancer research, but also to create new music that has the ability to lift the spirits of those whose lives have been changed by cancer. of artist royalties and record company profits will be donated to the american cancer society. _____ american cancer society help fight cancer with every purchase the american cancer society is proud to work with citibank usa, the issuer of its affinity mastercards. through this relationship, the society receives a donation for every card account opened and activated as well as a percentage for every purchase made with the cards. click here to go to citibank usa's web site, learn more and to apply for the cards. _____ american cancer society making strides against breast cancer, take the walk of your life would you walk a few miles to save someone you love? each year, nearly will be affected by breast cancer. will lose their lives. will one of them be you or someone you love? participate in the american cancer society's making strides against breast cancer walk and help raise money for lifesaving society research, education, advocacy and patient-support programs. join more than people in cities coast to coast and turn a few miles into a lifetime. _____ if you or someone you know has been touched by breast cancer, contact the american cancer society any time, day or night, for information and support at www.cancer.org or we can also help you get actively involved in the fight against breast cancer. _____ lvmh (mo’ât hennessy louis vuitton) is a proud sponsor of the american cancer society. the american cancer society thanks lvmh for donating its promotional space on to the society and our fight against cancer. find music to unsubscribe click here or forward this email to copyright Î© inc. all rights reserved. terms and conditions - privacy policy "" "	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" have you done an analysis of the the latest price cap that was approved last week? how does it work? mary pm to: stephanie cc: subject: fwd: white paper - final version "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutral"forecast and climate data for enron canada date: temperature date maximum minimum mean climate heating degree d. Îçc Îçc Îçc (t) mean calgary wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january sunday january monday january tuesday january wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january edmonton wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january sunday january monday january tuesday january wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january vancouver wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january sunday january monday january tuesday january wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january toronto wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january sunday january monday january tuesday january wednesday january thursday january friday january saturday january notes: climatological day = mst to mst *** not for redistribution*** "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business" the fax is on the way. thanks, juanita john pm to: juanita cc: subject: re: fax number my fax number is it does not look as though we will be importing any volumes at calais in february, but we may be handling physical volumes beginning in may. thank you for all your help in getting this set up. juanita pm to: john cc: subject: fax number i need your fax number to send the affirmation form to you. thanks, "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business" please plan to attend the ubs presentation video conference scheduled for wednesday, at am to am. this meeting will be held in the mt hood and mt adams conference rooms. "" "	Business" mark dan reck is hoping to enter into discussions with canadian national, who are insisting upon the inclusion of a non-raid provision in the confidentiality agreement, the offending clause is attached. in speaking with dan, his view is that it is more likely that canadian national would want to employ some of our people than us wanting to employ any but their most senior people. the period proposed is for one year after the date we have terminated our discussions. i have asked that canadian national consider a month period and they have not yet responded. in looking at the legal policy on this, i see that the head business person and you, as the general counsel, will need to be comfortable with this provision. once you have had the chance to review it i would be grateful if you could advise as to what we are able to accept and who you believe is the head business person who will also need to sign off on this. many thanks. marcus "" "	Business"r. crane, bob dimitry, dirk hernandez, morela juvane, danilo rickard, craig robinson, richard t. stapley, cecil subject: sub-cost production to rescue european pulp market x-sdoc: x-zlid: brussels, aug. (paperloop.com) - the pressure of producing market pulp below cost is likely to provide its own outlet, according to a number of sources. suppliers from north america's west coast have been producing in the red for some time now and severe downtime will be forced upon them, providing the sharp slimming of inventories which is required for recovery. one supplier predicted, it won't be long before we get better prices and conditions. suppliers in the southern states of the us and eucalyptus producers are suffering similarly unprofitable business. southern pine is a rarity now in europe, as the home market proves more attractive. and some south american eucalyptus producers have turned the supply tap off in italy. but italian activity has proved a reliable barometer for market direction in the past and it is the italian buyers who are seeking fixed contracts for two to three months in advance now. this is reported to be spreading north. there are rumblings in south america about a correction to the eucalyptus price. the weakened dollar means that latin american eucalyptus priced in dollars is cheap compared with european volumes priced in euros. while producers are likely to wait at least until october for the market to see some post-vacation period momentum in the paper market, the intention is clear. major producers of northern bleached softwood kraft have indicated they intend to go no lower than yet the possibility of in september was not dismissed by buyers or sellers. the foex benchmark is still slipping, albeit slowly, and there may be another to go before the absolute bottom is reached. this would drive out the spot market almost completely, in particular as prices in asia are now at very similar levels to those in europe. pulp buying in asia is said to have picked up thanks to the low prices. one supplier said, the spot market in europe seems more or less to have disappeared. the effect of such low prices combined with any pick-up in woodfree paper sales could provide sufficient impetus for pulp prices to creep up again in the fourth quarter, according to one source. but he warned that if higher cost producers were encouraged by this to enter the fray at production, it could pave the way for a rocky months bumping along the bottom. norscan inventories are predicted to end august much as they did in july, which would be contrary to the trend for the month and set the scene for falling stocks in the fourth quarter, if demand picks up to anything like normal levels. "" "	Business" hair loss got you down? would you like to do something about it? savings on initial order (mention product code to save on initial order) patented hair accelerator products are an all natural scientifically proven way to stop hair loss and grow new hair! hair accelerator products are the first drug-free total attack program that aggressively combats hair loss internally and externally. our hair loss products have been clinically tested at hospitals and universities throughout the world. also receive our free online guide to hair loss! start feeling confident again! take the first step now! we can help you! click here for details this email was sent to you because your email is part of a targeted opt-in list. if you do not wish to receive further mailings, please click below and enter your email at the bottom of the page. you may then rest-assured that you will never receive another email from us again. unsubscribe me please "" "	Neutralsteve good news. dan 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" october teco tap / enron ; / hpl gas daily "" "	Business"enron corp savings plan from: corporate to: all enron employees united states x-sdoc: x-zlid: the savings plan transition period ends early! we have been working closely with hewitt associates to get you access to your savings plan account before november and are pleased to announce that the internet site went live as of am yesterday morning, november log on to benefits.enron.com and check out the new website - you will enjoy the new features. once again, we have appreciated your patience during the transition period. enronbenefits . . . keeping pace with your lifestyle. "" "	Business"ecoelectrica inventory projection as of lng cubic meter mmbtu inventory as of april less: heel net inventory available daily consumption @ df daily consumption tubine out last end inventory consumed assuming: cargo inv day outtage on starting day outtage day outtage day outtage all above include day outtage on one turbine in sept. last cargo window would be the cargo of the year assuming rateable deliveries "" "	Business" rob/kay, as discussed in today's meeting, i have the turbine serial numbers for you: lm serial numbers: regards, tracee "" "	Business" joseph parks, jr.: the performance assessment system (pas) indicates that you have not submitted your self assessment yet. in order to complete your self assessment, please log onto the pas system via <https://hrglobal.enron.com>. in the my reviews section, click edit self assessment and submit your self assessment. this message has been sent by an automated system. if you feel you have received this message in error, please contact the hrgim help desk at "" "	Business" jeff, did you allow me access to all gas reports on executive reports viewer? let me know. thanks, mike grigsby "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralcarr futures research commitment of traders report crude oil current report for the week ending for the week ending long short net long short net small speculators small speculators large speculators large speculators commercials commercials total open interest total open interest net changes (since last reporting period net position previous net position change in net net percent long small speculators large speculators commercials open interest net position high low average small speculators large speculators commercials open interest open interest total open interest % commercial interest speculative positions net large spec net small spec 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business"bawg meeting agenda special halloween edition october bawg chair report bawg chair (wes yeomans) will be present at november bic need a new bawg chairperson by december nyiso grid accounting report nyiso staff to discuss time line for version & nyseg bawg motion as discussed at october bic. nyseg motion attention to nyiso mc of bawg issues? issues formally with bic, not bawg vss market problems: at mswg, complete for out-of-merit: at gitf tsc discounting: at mswg unbundling oatt/mst: complete billing dispute time period: complete generator perf penalties: at s&pwg virtual load bidding november any issues??? nyiso modification of data entered into csv file (mike darroch e-mail) variation of the amount of data entered into the hourly file as to the fields are varying in the hourly files is it possible for the nyiso to add the fields from the daily csv files which are not rolled up from the hourly data, ie can the system wide uplift and demand response program uplift values be added to the end of the files? missing ptids for lses nyiso customer relations providing esco start dates and nyiso grid accounting to apply to all subzones in true up process. vss lse charges & power supplier payments fixed vss factors presentation at october bic for year grand fathered tsaŠ—Ès relative to external tscs action item for nyiso to send letter to toŠ—Ès with specific errors to metering sub group status of sapient data warehouse for toŠ—Ès to review subzone tie data status of sapient data warehouse for all market participants? t o metering responsibilities document to be made an appendix to billing & accounting manual to metering requirements fundamentally already exists in control room requirements manual working on unaccounted energy differences between subzones con edison state estimator issue? actual load data measurements for edrp & dadrp? towg owes inventory/status of subzone tie and generation metering relative to requirements. status of r.s. (fixed) increase to increase working capital? current forecast is for working capital to be established by end at which point rs fixed can go back to approximately plus year budget increase. true up, schedules september true up rs adjustment??? nypa bpcg??? november true up nypa pumping load? billing data format sub working group ideas for a small group to work with nyiso staff on diagnostic reporting for: uplift? residual energy? losses? congestion balancing? emergency price responsive load program iso has just recently received actual load curtailment data from toŠ—Ès payments to curtailment service providers, csp, will not be through the formal nyiso billing & accounting system but through Š—“sideŠ— calculations. status of these csp payments? economic price responsive program payments have been made to lseŠ—Ès based on to providing Š—“scheduleŠ— curtailments to nyiso. calculations and payments are through the nyiso formal billing & accounting system toŠ—Ès providing actual curtailments. even if to provided actual curtailment quickly, iso can not re-calculate correct payment until true up. billing & accounting manual issue of when/how to close november what issues are outstanding that market participants need Š—“closed outŠ—??? presumably assurance from nyiso billing staff that all billing code corrections have been made. to data issue/assurance missing ptid issues? tsa grandfathered mapping issues? power supplier out-of-merit and grouping issues? outline for november bawg presentation to bic status of billing code corrections: all fixed waiting on true ups true ups towg bawg issues data format wg nyiso billing projects future billing workshops? old/new "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business" rudwell, nui made changes to and please let me know if they are acceptable to you. stacy ----- forwarded by stacy e dickson/hou/ect on am ----- paul chymiy am to: cc: brian rose jennifer forno laura dibenedetto terri sue gross subject: re: master firm purchase/sale agreement stacy - attached please find nui utilities' comments on the master agreement. also attached is nui's form of guaranty that has been reviewed by enron and will replace exhibit d (it also contains some comments that i have made in response to enron's comments). i understand that a revised transaction agreement will be forthcoming from enron. also, please be advised that we have not yet seen a draft idsa confirmation between nui energy brokers and enron. it is our intention to execute all documents simultaneously. if you have any questions, please e-mail or call me at thank you. <<nui utilities - ena k <<enron.nuicorp.guaranty paul > ---------- > from: > sent: thursday, march pm > to: > cc: > subject: master firm purchase/sale agreement > > <<file: elizabethtown gas.doc>> > attached please find the above-referenced agreement for your review. > should you have any questions or comments, please contact me at > > > sincerely, > > stacy dickson > > (see attached file: elizabethtown gas.doc) > - nui utilities - ena k - enron.nuicorp.guaranty "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"forecast and climate data for enron canada date: temperature date maximum minimum mean climate heating degree d. Îçc Îçc Îçc (t) mean calgary monday august tuesday august wednesday august thursday august friday august saturday september sunday september monday september tuesday september wednesday september thursday september edmonton monday august tuesday august wednesday august thursday august friday august saturday september sunday september monday september tuesday september wednesday september thursday september vancouver monday august tuesday august wednesday august thursday august friday august saturday september sunday september monday september tuesday september wednesday september thursday september toronto monday august tuesday august wednesday august thursday august friday august saturday september sunday september monday september tuesday september wednesday september thursday september notes: climatological day = mst to mst *** not for redistribution*** "" "	Businessfull day url 	Business" that doesnt sound like a very good weekend, are you guys still fighting or did you make up "" "	Personal" cornish st w st w st w st w st waverly st w st parking corporate centre shepherd street entrance w st n. durham dr. n. shepherd dr. street entrance building entrance katy fwy n to houston to katy enron broadband services n. shepherd dr. houston, tx. white oak bayou patterson st. exit exit truck entrance under overpass one way one way "" "	Business"karen denne, mona l petrochko, susan j mara, paul kaufman, samuel wehn, tim belden subject: re: possible messages on legislation in california x-sdoc: x-zlid: we need to all talk tuesday morning asap - i am frankly sick and tired of self-delusion in the face of a stark and bleak reality in sacramento- as a democrat, it is clear to me that the democrats from gray on down are a lost cause( their response, from a public policy perspective, is shameful in its shortsidedness and contemptible in its lack of thoughtfulness and intellect- the democrat's response in cal. makes me ashamed to call myself a democrat) and the republicans too small a minority in ca. to make a difference- from my vantage point ,nothing good and some( potentially much) bad came out of the three bills passed. we have a huge uphill battle coming in the next session and the prospects of further thoughtless retrenchment on the part of the governor and legislature very high- to begin the preperation for that struggle, we first have to be honest with ourselves and end any petty bickering internally on intrepretations of brutally clear events and oucomes, events and outcomes which are the equivalent of getting hit upside the head by a by i.e; that usually does'nt require intrepretation or discussion as to whether it hurt... we end the self-delusion starting on tuesday. jeff- please arrange the call - all are invited . sandra mccubbin pm to: jeff cc: steven j richard james d rob karen mona l susan j paul dave parquet, samuel subject: re: possible messages on legislation in california since the siting legislation created only a program that is voluntary and not in place of the existing laws, and we have a committment from the legislature, the cec and the govenor's office to take another shot in january, as they know that this legislation is flawed, too many conflicting interests trying to solve a complex problem in too short a time, i feel this is too harsh...we have already started the process of creating new legislation, that will be as close to a consensus as possible for next session..this legislation did not hurt us, and, some companies feel that they can use the processes. we have to keep in mind that with the knowledge that there will be major reorganization legislation next year, we don't want to offend the friends that we have in sacramento, particularly the republicans who were the ones who insisted on an expedited siting bill "" "	Neutralthe message that you sent was opened by the following: information about your message: subject: re: superbowl party message-id: 	Personal" calendar entry: appointment description: leave for dr. appt. at date: time: pm - pm (central standard time) chairperson: outlook migration team detailed description: "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral" please click here to view a graphical version of this email. everything for your valentine. so easy to find. what's not to love? romantics celebrate valentine's day with great gift solutions from coach . select everything she desires and exactly what he admires from our selection of special gifts. at coach, finding the perfect valentine's gift is so easy, what's not to love? new small duffle sac , no. money clip card case , no. new soft signature zoe hobo , no. trigger snap keyfob , no. new heart box , no. new travel heart frame in case , no. new signature embossed leather mini wallet , no. new sterling thin bangle with heart charm , no. new sterling dog leash on leather cord bracelet , no. more gifts personalized service at every coach store - we'll help find the perfect gift at the perfect price. gift certificates - just in case you don't know what to give. available in any amount over e-gift - perfect for last minute gift giving. send a gift from coach.com and we will announce it via email. to find the nearest coach store use our store locator . "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalnext time! 	Personal" enron announced today that its common stock will now be traded as an over-the-counter (otc) equity security under the symbol enrnq. this follows a decision by the new york stock exchange (nyse) to file an application to delist enron's common stock, which means that enron's common stock and related securities are suspended from trading on the nyse. enron is considering whether to appeal the nyse's decision. the nyse has standard criteria for listing stocks, which can be found on their website at www.nyse.com. enron recently fell below the following listing criteria: average closing price of a security less than over a consecutive trading-day period. quotation service for enron's stock will now be provided by the national quotation bureau, llc pink sheets. "" "	Business" the payment status has changed on the following report: status last changed by: system expense report name: group outing report total: amount due employee: amount approved: amount paid: approval status: approved payment status: paid to review this expense report, click on the following link for concur expense. http://expensexms.enron.com "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutraldinah l. schlecht sr. market services rep. bear paw energy (work) (cell) 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutral" i would like to announce the following management changes within the analyst / associate program, which are effective immediately. traci warner will assume responsibility for recruiting for the western hemisphere. traci joined enron's associate program in and has held positions in business development, origination, and public relations at enron energy services, enron north america and enron broadband services. ted bland will assume responsibility for career development (including rotations) for the western hemisphere. ted has been with enron since and has held several roles in origination and business development within enron wholesale services. most recently, ted was assigned to the commercialization of some activities within human resources. anna jansson, who is based in london, will continue to lead all efforts for the associate / analyst program in the eastern hemisphere. anna has been with enron europe for the past three years and, most recently, has been responsible for setting up the ebs human resources function in europe. please join me in working with traci, ted and anna to ensure the success of this important program. billy lemmons vice president, analyst / associate program "" "	Business"earnest, jim fallon, luitgard fischer, kim godfrey, john grass, charles harris, chris herron, john house, steven j kean, kyle kettler, steven kleege, george mckean, gayle w muench, brian o'rourke, tim proffitt, doug sewell, jeffrey a shankman, erik simpson, connie sutton, george wasaff, joshua weinstein, chris wissemann, russell woody, carlos alatorre, art bieser, kelly h boots, david case, derryl cleaveland, terri denning, jay hawthorn, ali khoja, michael l miller, lee l papayoti, elizabeth peters, stephen plauche, scott porter, jennifer smith, jay sparling, v charles weldon cc: kenneth lay, jeff skilling subject: thanks for super saturday participation - november x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Neutral" stephanie, as per the eol help line, can you please set up my id and password for enron on line today? thanks. joe quenet "" "	Business" michael, sorry for the delay in responding. we are still looking at other opportunities for the zev credits and i will advise you in the next weeks whether we are interested. kelly "" "	Business" all right, you have this great product to sell, and you've got yourself a spanking new web site to sell it. now, you sit back and wait for the orders to pour in... to your great surprise, the only people to even peek at your site are you, your family, and a couple of your friends. now that you have spent time and money to get your web site, you naturally expect some return on your investment. so, you decide you have to market your site and let the world know all about it. we can get you hits and customers... special emailing program now per million.. minimum of million per mailing. cost call don't hesitate make the call you won't be sorry! "" "	Personalwoo hoo! james hungerford 	Personal"janet place, bambi heckerman, frazier king, dennis lee, drew fossum, susan scott, bob m hall, patricia steele, julia white, sheila nacey, shelley corman, dari dornan, toby kuehl subject: marketing affiliate rule: standard l notice no. x-sdoc: x-zlid: please open and read the attached mkt aff memo effective july which gives you notice of a new exempt potential marketing affiliate: east sour lake, llc. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" january mr. larry campbell enron transportation & storage north main street roswell, nm re: work offers for cypress engineering et&s esa no. dear larry, the proposed Š—“not-to-exceedŠ— (nte) amounts for services provided by cypress engineering are as follows: tw remediation projects: nng remediation projects: a project description and nte amount for the current anticipated schedule of work at each site is provided below. these estimates are for services provided during the period from through and invoiced during the calendar year i. tw remediation projects station remediation nte: scope of work: routine o&m of remediation system, semiannual groundwater sampling, project supervision, and preparation of a closure report for the site. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: system power & telephone is paid direct by ets. station dehy area remediation nte: scope of work: routine o&m of remediation system, semiannual groundwater sampling, and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: system power, telephone, & water disposal is paid direct by ets. station pit area remediation nte: scope of work: semiannual groundwater sampling, semimonthly product removal, preparation of a corrective action plan, and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: bell lake plant remediation nte: scope of work: routine o&m of remediation system, expansion of remediation system to include water recovery and treatment, semiannual groundwater sampling, and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: system power and recovered liquids disposal is paid direct by current owner of facility, duke energy. n. crawar station remediation nte: scope of work: complete installation of full scale remediation system, routine o&m of remediation system, semiannual groundwater sampling, and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: water disposal is paid direct by ets. ii. nng remediation projects lockridge plant remediation nte: scope of work: routine o&m of remediation system, expansion of the recovery system to increase water recovery and to irrigate recovered water, semiannual groundwater sampling, and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: system power, telephone, & water disposal is paid direct by ets. eunice station remediation nte: scope of work: biennial groundwater sampling and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: gomez plant remediation nte: scope of work: routine o&m of remediation system, expansion of the recovery system, quarterly groundwater sampling, and project supervision. subcontractors: none. requested budget amount: water disposal is paid direct by ets. all work will be performed in accordance with the terms and conditions of environmental services agreement no. the nte amount of the work offer will not be exceeded without prior authorization from an ets representative. sincerely, george c. robinson, pe president/principal engineer "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral" one less bad guy is always a good thing! hooray! gayle ramsey carla webbles wrote: > howdy - > > the early morning news on channel reported the arrest of someone the > cops called the montrose burglar. they said he may be responsible for as > many as ten armed robberies and is being charged with three, and that armed > with a pistol, he would hold up people leaving bars and clubs late at > night. the mug shot showed a middle aged black guy, balding. he doesn't > sound like either the fargo carjacker or the fairview minivan mugger but > maybe, knock on wood, this arrest will put a liitle dent in the crime > stats. > > carla > > > to unsubscribe from this group, send an email to: > > > > > your use of yahoo! groups is subject to http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/ ------------------------ yahoo! groups sponsor ---------------------~--> tiny wireless camera under order now! free vcr commander! click here - only day left! ---------------------------------------------------------------------~-> to unsubscribe from this group, send an email to: your use of yahoo! groups is subject to http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/ "" "	Personal" october is fast approaching! mark your calendar-- as the enron corp. savings plan moves to a new administrator! as a savings plan participant, friday, october at cst will be your last day to: Îà transfer investment fund balances and make contribution allocation changes Îà change your contribution rate for the november payroll deductions Îà enroll if you were hired before october two important reminders: Îà vanguard lifestrategy investment options are being replaced with fidelity freedom funds and; Îà your funds will remain invested in the funds chosen as of cst until am november at am cst, november the savings plan system re-opens with great new features. should you need assistance during the transition period, call ext. and press option this option will be available from cst october until cst november enron benefits... keeping pace with your lifestyle. "" "	Businesshappy friday __________________________________________________ do you yahoo!? make international calls for as low as with yahoo! messenger http://phonecard.yahoo.com/ 	Neutral"craig solberg geir anderson john guzman mark mier michael davis pete slinger ryan x-sdoc: x-zlid: start date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" ed: mike kelly wants to trade with the above counterparty. we have no master. how do you want to handle? sara sara shackleton enron north america corp. smith street, eb houston, texas (phone) (fax) "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business" from: shelley corman i have enjoyed getting to know the market services team over the last month. i appreciate your candor and patience as you re-introduce me to the day-to-day issues facing nng, tw and fgt. over the last month, i have also had the opportunity to listen to the ets commercial group and customers talk about their expectations for our group; review customer feedback contained in the mastio survey, and understand market services staff concerns voice in the pulse survey. let me start by saying that there is one piece of feedback that is unanimous: the market service team reliably manages both the physical and scheduling aspects of day-to-day gas transportation. this is certainly the foundation for our teamŠ—Ès continued success. the feedback also identifies opportunities for further enhancements: improving our accounting and contract systems through automation; developing better tools and reports for making commercial decisions; addressing customer concerns about the accuracy of metering systems; and providing ongoing customer training opportunities. the attached slides summarize this feedback and propose a list of actions that we can take to respond to the feedback. for example, the creation of a customer call center and the nng measurement desk are specific responses to customer feedback. we are also making several organizational changes to enable our team to better support the ets commercial group and the ets customers. see attached chart i am pleased to announce that brad holmes will be joining our group on may as the director of commercial support systems (formerly called electronic business development). brad has over a decade of experience in the areas of customer service, business planning and e-business strategy with both the williams company and with a business consulting firm. he has a b.a. from the university of pittsburgh and an mba from rice university. brad will be responsible for developing business requirements for new systems, maintaining and enhancing customer websites, customer training and process improvements. brad will also lead the new customer call center and standards development/gisb. theresa hess will join bradŠ—Ès team. steve january, sr. director gas control, and lynn blair, director, customer service teams, will continue to provide strong leadership, focusing on the daily capacity management activities and outage implementation on nng and tw. steve also continues to have responsibility for eott pipeline control. mike bryant and sheila nacey will lead fgt capacity management. as manager, gas control and optimization, mike will be responsible for gas control, pipeline capacity modeling and outage coordination. sheila, director, fgt customer service team, will be responsible for scheduling and invoicing. sheila will be working with lynn blair to identify rotational opportunities across etsŠ—È customer teams. rick dietz will continue in his role as the director, commercial support (formerly contract administration) where he is responsible for the contract administration and accounting control functions. in addition, rick will lead the measurement desk as we expand this concept from fgt to nng. donna scott, director, transportation analysis, will continue to be responsible for budgeting, employee training, leadership development, data request coordination, and new business opportunities. finally, we are renaming our group gas logistics to reinforce the message that we are a service organization, focused on meeting the transportation needs of our customers each day. i am excited about the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. "" "	Business" reservation status has changed to received. see attachment. assignment_ref = seller_code = azps seller_duns = customer_code = epmi customer_duns = affiliate_flag = path_name = - point_of_receipt = point_of_delivery = source = fourcorners sink = pnpk capacity = capacity_requested = service_increment = hourly ts_class = firm ts_type = point_to_point ts_period = off_peak ts_window = fixed ts_subclass = wheel nerc_curtailment_priority = nerc priority other_curtailment_priority = default start_time = stop_time = ceiling_price = offer_price = bid_price = price_units = $/mw preconfirmed = yes anc_svc_link = n/a anc_svc_req = n/a posting_ref = sale_ref = request_ref = deal_ref = negotiated_price_flag = status = confirmed status_notification = status_comments = time_queued = response_time_limit = time_of_last_update = primary_provider_comments = seller_comments = customer_comments = for info call seller_name = azps seller_phone = seller_fax = seller_email = customer_name = enron power marketing, inc. customer_phone = customer_fax = customer_email = reassigned_ref = reassigned_capacity = reassigned_start_time = reassigned_stop_time = "" "	Business" please check the undertake ticket # for the following : air products, inc. oppose to ; petrofina gas undertake # {pls. include} julie meyers pm to: angela howard b brenda f stephen p lee l daren j gary w bryan kenneth david lisa joanie h robert e cc: subject: new update for buybacks there are two additions. airproducts and petrofina. "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" slow browser may need to wait seconds for your email to appear, then scroll to view. to unsubscribe enerfaxdaily as: forward to if your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing please visit our website to view today's gas and power prices and news by clicking http://www.enerfax.com "" "	Business" good afternoon ida (better name for you than me). ec was uneventful, given that i wore no crazy hat. at the right time though. i know the party will be great--try not to stress too much, besides your plans sounded great and i'm sure everyone will have a great time. i'm leaving in a little while to go to the closing ( and collect some cash!), and am out the rest of the afternoon--cruising in the ida-mobile! in case you were wondering, i used almost a half mile of bubble wrap yesterday moving my art to the new house and will recycle it if there are some cool kid things to do with it. ideas? later. alexandra am to: jeffrey a cc: subject: how was the ec meeting this morning? did you wear funky shoes or a hat? i have had a crazy morning. so much is going on for this weekend. i trying not to stress, but i already have some butterflies. i know everything is going to be great, there are just so many pieces to keep track of. i have a meeting this afternoon with about people on my event team, so i'll feel better when that is over. i am glad that you brought the ida mobile b/c it is going to be gorgeous today! what time is your closing? good luck with that. have a great day! "" "	Business" guys: attached are the meter readings for indian mesa for both feeders (transformers). they includ the production and the cumsumption, and cover a period between may and june i think this is the best way to determine the actual consumption, because these are the meters that the customer gets paid on and is charged for. regards klc "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalthat's fine. i don't know if i get him that weekend. thanks for the number 	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" thank you for the invitation, but i will not be able to attend. jim derrick "" "	Personalname? 	Neutral" see attached e-mail from paul. as paul discusses a bunch of us in the west have not done internal resource reports since about september. anyway, in response to paul's e-mail, i have done a report. does our group do these reports? if so who puts together the report for our group? "" "	Business" she is a touch warm, like the temperature of the sun. me rikey!!!!!!!! "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personali will check into this. i am really sorry. if it hasn't been paid we'll fix it immediately. greg 	Neutral" call me, we want the backhaul contract "" "	Business" crandall, sean fischer, mark alonso, tom williams iii, bill richter, jeff cc: stokley, chris emmert, caroline purcell, mike sheppard, kathryn subject: re: weekly enpower/dpr meeting postponed until x-sdoc: x-zlid: sorry guys, in my former message, i stated that the meeting was wed, may i meant wednesday, may it'll last about minutes. virginia "" "	Business(bh office) x-sdoc: x-zlid: 	Neutral" late on october we received information about a nonspecific threat to the enron center. we communicated with law enforcement officials who found the threat unsubstantiated and without merit. nonetheless we take all threats seriously and have increased the security presence at the enron center still further. once again, if you observe suspicious behavior, please call security at "" "	Business" southwest gas corporation may supply requests april dear supplier: southwest gas is currently accepting baseload bids for may gas supplies for its arizona and nevada service territories. the deadline for bid submittals is a.m. pt, thursday, april supplies for southwest's service territories will be offered on a baseload basis. baseload supplies must be made available to southwest for the entire month, regardless of market price fluctuations that may transpire in that month, at the price and volume agreed to at the month's beginning. bids may be faxed to southwest at if you have any questions on southwest's bid program, please contact mark anderson, anita reubens, or eric rost. arizona/southern nevada southwest is looking for mainline receipt point gas volumes to be delivered over its firm transportation capacity on the el paso pipeline. el paso volumes may range up to mmbtus per day. receipt price bid pipeline point volume per mmbtu seller: ______________________ representative: ______________________ telephone: ______________________ "" "	Business" have you adjusted the for fugg yet? i was just wondering what kind of time frame you are looking at. we have an interconnect between wic and fugg for for also, what about the unify imbalance problem with fugg that we discussed while you were here? if there is anything i can do to help, please let me know. i was wondering if it would help you if i actualized the current months, if that would allow you to have time to work on the past problems. let me know. thanks, gloria "" "	Business" i think its a good list to start off with them. i modified it to include a few minor additions (see below). thanks for the inquiry. regards, ed ps also, please include louis dicarlo on the distribution for all of this type information in the future. thanks. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" i wouldn't book that one just yet, but we'll do the best we can. df "" "	Personal" two answers: just yourselves. sandra has laid in an excessive quantity of vittles and libations. good idea. tryiing to launch an effort like that now would be a nightmare, but after conoco, we'll have a lot of organizational work anyway. thanks. df kathy ringblom am to: drew cc: subject: two subjects - is there anything we can bring saturday night? - regarding the record retention problem, i was thinking that when this conoco case is over, that might be a good time to go through all of the boxes we have pulled (probably close to and weed out all of the stuff we don't need anymore - which in the case of many of the boxes, may be the entire contents - instead of sending them all back to storage. maybe we could distribute copies of each department's record retention policy, figure out a way for the owner of the boxes' contents to come into the box room, review them and make a decision at that time. "" "	Business"greg trefz, miguel l garcia, russell ballato, joe stepenovitch, joe errigo, doug miller, larry f campbell, keller mayeaux, chad starnes, dean laurent, don baughman, lawrence clayton, christopher watts, alton jackson, steve olinde, larry jester subject: no trades with pg&e x-sdoc: x-zlid: no trades with pg&e until further notice. kayne "" "	Business" mark, jeff is in london and asked me to make the requested changes to the contract. i have taken the redline version that he previously provided and added the additional changes. the changes that i made were in days), art. (deleted but for no longer period), and in arbitration (added language for independent arbitrators based on the amount in controversy), and changed (texas to new york in the line). i have also attached a clean copy which accepted all of the redline changes. if acceptable, please print originals of the clean copy, have them signed, fax me a copy of the signed signature page at and mail the two signed originals to me. once i receive the faxed signature page, i will let jennifer know so that she can have any subsequent transactions entered into pursuant to the terms of this contract. please call me at if you have any questions. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"overall problems: truncate all meter names stp fill or kill max cap kim end of month storage balances kim resolve n/a vs. issue lindon fitting of historical reports (merged and unmerged) lindon by-report problems: socal flows truncate all meter names stp eom storage balance kim n/a vs. lindon pg&e flows truncate all meter names stp no averages show (fitting issue) lindon transpose history stp show only months of historical stp nwpl flows capitalize title stp organize and load pgt history from excel stp multiply history by stp eom storage balances kim cig/wic flows needs to be re-designed jay kn flows truncate all meter names stp organize and load point history from excel stp questar flows fill or kill max cap kim kern/mojave flows check historical data on hector and daggett points stp transcolorado flows check historical data stp check duplicate calculation in daily report stp wbi flows truncate all meter names meter names stp fill or kill max cap kim show only months of historical stp is max cap pulling from previous day, or not stp el paso flows re-loading historical data stp tw flows truncate all meter names meter names stp check oasis block rec historicals stp show only months of historical stp show net oasis flow in daily report stp eoc flows re-loading epng historicals stp transpose historical data stp show only months of historical stp san juan plant receipts re-loading epng historicals stp hide milagro and kutz hidden points stp keystone receipts re-loading epng historicals stp show only points with stp all points with need to be included in other stp copy this feature to historical report stp "" "	Business"d baughman, corry bentley, robert benson, tamara jae black, lisa burnett, paul j broderick, richard broussard, larry f campbell, mike carson, jason choate, kevin cline, terri clynes, keith comeaux, karla compean, kayne coulter, oscar dalton, mark dana davis, clint dean, george diaz, chris dorland, joe errigo, miguel l garcia, gerald gilbert, doug gilbert-smith, gautam gupta, patrick hanse, juan hernandez, rogers herndon, jim homco, rika imai, larry jester, gary justice, mike e kelly, grace kim, jeff king, john kinser, madhup kumar, dean laurent, justin laverell, chris lenartowicz, matt lorenz, gretchen lotz, peter makkai, tom may, doug miller, jeffrey miller, narsimha misra, christi l nicolay, steve olinde, andy pace, juan padron, laura podurgiel, kevin m presto, joe quenet, david ryan, eric saibi, anna santucci, erik serio, doug sewell, lisa shoemake, robert stalford, chad starnes, joe stepenovitch, mark symms, ramanarao tamma, garrett tripp, larry valderrama, maria valdes, joseph wagner, christopher watts, lloyd will, smith l day, john m forney, andy rodriquez, claudia guerra, benjamin rogers, clayton vernon, fletcher j sturm, mauricio trejo, dustin collins, william abler, steve wang subject: new options model x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Business" eff_dt portfolio_id management-coal management-crd management-gas management-pwr agg-management "" "	Business" so all those west virginia stereotypes are true after all!!! i think all my family has their own teeth. even my grandparents have their own teeth. you know i always thought i had good family stories, but you definitely outrank me there. have a good weekend. robin becky pitre pm to: robin cc: subject: teeth something else weird about my sister and her daughter ( the ones who live in the sticks in w.va.). they both had all of their teeth pulled and then got dentures. janey is and missy is years old. isn't that icky? missy told me that she liked her dentures because her teeth no longer hurt! and my sister, i hate to admit this, says she likes them because she can take them out and clean them every few days! dang! if they had used good, or even fair, hygiene then they could still have their real teeth. so, brush, brush, brush. now that you have picked yourself up off of the floor, stop laughing! do you have a family story to top this one? hope not. becky "" "	Personal" i also increase the price from to that should have a bit of an impact. "" "	Business" morning honey, i just asked for the three days off before thanksgiving. let me know if you have any ideas for us other than a vegas vaction i have to work the friday after thanksgiving though i wish you a great day baby i love you dq "" "	Personal"chris figueroa, eric feitler, mog heu, sheetal patel subject: user ids x-sdoc: x-zlid: please send me your user id's "" "	Businesscould we meet to go over this? and are there any other folks we should invite? 	Neutral"kevin m. davis dan cc: postlethwaite john evans casey reeves kathy vinson donald wayne x-sdoc: x-zlid: make sure that all curves are downloaded by the end of simulation, cst, tomorrow. ideally, the curves should be marked in the morning prior to simulation. we have been instructed to kick the calculation off as close to cst as possible. this is to ensure that all downstream systems are able to run through the simulation. please forward to all applicable traders. thanks, stacey "" "	Business[internetshortcut] 	Neutral" jan actual published pp flat on off bid offer mid jan* bom feb* feb mar* mar apr* apr may* may jun* jun jul* jul aug* aug sep* sep oct* oct nov* nov dec dec feb dec "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"kenneth porter j. gregory miller mary kay davis britt ringblom kathy january steve woodson harry dietz rick graham charlie darveaux mary thompson charlie hawkins don anderson gary e. herber stephen corman shelley x-sdoc: x-zlid: charlie, i agree. the settlement is an agreed upon measurement number. not an agreed upon difference. "" "	Business" well, looks like we are not the only ones that have problems every now and then!!! i received a similar message this morning stating that the site was down. sheri "" "	Business"ectr storage book historical balances by - injection cycle april may june july august september october apr-oct end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average injection tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol average balance assuming avg. injections balance assuming avg. injections balance assuming max. injections a b c monthly & daily volume average average monthly injection as a % of total injections: average average average withdrawal cycle november december january february march % of vol nov-mar end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average end of mo average not withdrawal tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol tbtu daily vol withdrawn average a- eia may revised estimate b- eia june estimate c- eia june estimate plus aga weekly volumes "" "	Business"termination agreement this termination agreement (the Š—“termination agreementŠ—) dated as of __________, (the Š—“effective dateŠ—) is entered into between enron north america corp., formerly known as enron capital & trade resources corp. and enron risk management services corp. (Š—“enaŠ—) and canadian imperial bank of commerce (Š—“counterpartyŠ—). w i t n e s s e t h whereas, ena and counterparty have entered into an isda master agreement dated as of october as the same may from time to time have been modified, amended or supplemented (the Š—“master agreementŠ—); and whereas, pursuant to such master agreement, ena and counterparty have entered into transaction nos. __________, ______________, __________, ___________ and __________ (the Š—“transactionsŠ—), as evidenced by the following confirmations: transaction no _________________, a copy of which is attached hereto as exhibit Š—“aŠ—; transaction no _________________, a copy of which is attached hereto as exhibit Š—“bŠ—; transaction no _________________, a copy of which is attached hereto as exhibit Š—“cŠ—; transaction no _________________, a copy of which is attached hereto as exhibit Š—“dŠ—; and transaction no _________________, a copy of which is attached hereto as exhibit Š—“eŠ—; and whereas, to alleviate counterpartyŠ—Ès credit concerns with ena, its affiliates and subsidiaries (including, without restriction, enron canada corp. (Š—“eccŠ—)), and to facilitate enaŠ—Ès, its subsidiariesŠ—È and affiliatesŠ—È (including, without restriction, eccŠ—Ès) future ability to enter into commodity derivatives trading, marketing and price-risk management transactions with counterparty, including, without restriction, by restructuring the credit profile for ena, its subsidiaries and affiliates (including, without restriction, ecc) with counterparty, ena and counterparty desire to terminate the transactions. now, therefore, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: termination and release. as of and from the effective date, the transactions are terminated and all obligations of ena and the counterparty from and after the effective date with respect to the transactions are forever and absolutely released and discharged and neither party shall have any further rights or obligations with respect to any of the transactions. termination payment. as consideration for terminating the transactions, [ena] agrees to pay [counterparty] an amount equal to u.s. $_____________ on or before __________________, representation. each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party that the execution, delivery and performance hereof by it are within its legal powers, and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action and that this termination agreement constitutes a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation. governing law. this termination agreement shall be governed by, and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the state of new york (without reference to the choice of law doctrine). counterparts. this termination agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and delivered by facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. in witness whereof, the parties hereto have executed this termination agreement as of the date first above written, effective as of the effective date. enron north america corp. resources corp. by: name: fred d. lagrasta title: vice president canadian imperial bank of commerce by: name: title: "" "	Business"victor guggenheim, kam keiser, robin rodrigue, purvi patel, julie e love subject: ng prices x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralattachment site text mod.doc not found! 	Neutralwww.qixo.com 	Neutral"special provisions to contract for short-term sale and purchase of natural gas dated july by and between bp energy company (Š—“bpecŠ—) and ________________________ the following provision shall be inserted at the end of section oral transaction procedure: the parties hereby consent to the electronic recording of their oral agreements and related telephone discussions. failure by the confirming party to send, or the other party to return, an executed transaction confirmation shall not invalidate any gas purchase and sale transaction (each a Š—“transactionŠ— and collectively Š—“transactionsŠ—) agreed to by the parties in an edi transmission or telephone conversation. the parties agree not to contest or assert any defense to the validity or enforceability of telephonic transactions entered into pursuant to the contract under laws relating to whether certain agreements are to be in writing or signed by the party to be thereby bound, or the authority of any employee of the party to enter into a transaction. in the absence of a written transaction confirmation, recorded telephone conversations shall be considered a Š—“writingŠ— and may be used as evidence of the transaction. if a written transaction confirmation exists, in the event of conflict between the terms and provisions of the written transaction confirmation and a recorded telephone conversation, the terms and provisions of the written transaction confirmation shall control to the extent of any such conflict. the following provisions shall be added as section (i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this contract (including, without limitation, anything in section of this contract), in the event (a) seller is unable to sell and deliver the contract quantity as a result of an event of force majeure, and (b) the contract price is a fixed price, seller shall pay buyer for each mmbtu of gas not delivered as provided in section above. (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this contract (including, without limitation, anything in section of this contract), in the event (a) buyer is unable to purchase and receive the contract quantity as a result of an event of force majeure, and (b) the contract price is a fixed price, buyer shall pay seller for each mmbtu of gas not purchased and received as provided in section above. in the first sentence of section delete Š—“the later of the payment date orŠ—. the following text shall be added as section in the event that buyer and seller are each required to pay an amount in the same month hereunder, then such amounts with respect to each party may be aggregated and the parties may discharge their obligations to pay through netting, in which case the party, if any, owing the greater aggregate amount may pay to the other party the difference between the amounts owed. section should be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following text: when reasonable grounds for insecurity of payment or title to the gas arise, either party (the Š—“requesting partyŠ—) may demand adequate assurance of performance from the other party (the Š—“affected partyŠ—). adequate assurance shall mean sufficient security in the form and for the term reasonably specified by requesting party, including, but not limited to, a standby irrevocable letter of credit (in form and substance and from a commercial u.s. bank acceptable to requesting party in its sole discretion), a prepayment, a security interest in an asset acceptable to requesting party, a performance bond or a guarantee by an entity that is acceptable to requesting party in its sole discretion. in the event either party shall (i) make an assignment or any general arrangement for the benefit of creditors; (ii) fail to make any payment on the date due; (iii) file a petition or otherwise commence, authorize, or acquiesce in the commencement of a proceeding or cause under any bankruptcy or similar law for the protection of creditors or have such petition filed or proceeding commenced against it; (iv) otherwise become bankrupt or insolvent (however evidenced); (v) be unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (vi) fail to provide requesting party with adequate assurance in accordance with this section in an amount and form acceptable to requesting party in its sole discretion within seventy-two hours of a demand therefor; then requesting party shall have the right to either withhold and/or suspend deliveries of gas or payment upon no less than one business day of written notice, and/or establish a date on which this contract shall terminate if such default is not cured (Š—“early termination dateŠ—) upon giving two business days of written notice to affected party; provided that upon the occurrence of a default listed in items (iii) and (iv) of section hereof, as it may apply to any party, this contract shall automatically terminate, without notice, as if an early termination date has been immediately declared (in which case, the day of such automatic termination shall be the early termination date). seller may immediately suspend deliveries to buyer hereunder in the event buyer has not paid any amount due seller hereunder on or before the second business day following the date such payment is due. the non-defaulting partyŠ—Ès rights under this section are in addition to any and all other remedies available hereunder. the parties specifically agree that this contract and all transactions pursuant hereto are Š—“forward contractsŠ— as such term is defined in the united states bankruptcy code, u.s.c. section the following provisions shall be added as section if an early termination date has been declared or deemed to have been declared, as the case may be, requesting party shall have the right to liquidate any or all transactions, including any portion of a transaction not yet fully delivered, then outstanding by: (a) closing out each transaction being liquidated at its market value so that each such transaction is canceled and a settlement payment in an amount equal to the difference between such market value and the contract value, as defined below, of such transaction shall be due to the buyer under the transaction if such market value exceeds the contract value and to the seller if the opposite is the case; and (b) discounting each amount then due under clause above to present value in a commercially reasonable manner as at the time of liquidation (to take account of the period between the date of liquidation and the date on which such amount would have otherwise been due pursuant to the relevant transaction); and (c) setting off or aggregating, as appropriate, all such settlement payments (discounted as appropriate) and (at the election of the non-defaulting party) any or all other amounts owing between the parties under this contract so that all such amounts are aggregated and/or netted to a single liquidated amount payable by one party to the other. such net amount due shall be paid by the close of business on the business day following the early termination date. for purposes of this section Š—“contract valueŠ— means the quantity of gas or other product remaining to be delivered under a transaction multiplied by the contract price per mmbtu. Š—“market valueŠ— means the quantity of gas or other product remaining to be delivered under a transaction multiplied by the market price per mmbtu determined by the non-defaulting party in a commercially reasonable manner. the rate of interest used in calculating net present value shall be determined by the non-defaulting party in a commercially reasonable manner. the following section shall be added as section the parties agree that they will maintain this contract and all parts and contents hereof, or any information exchanged under this contract, in strict confidence, and that it will not cause or permit disclosure of the contents hereof, or any information exchanged hereby, to any nonaffiliated third party without the prior written consent of the other party hereto; provided, however, that disclosure by either party is permitted (a) to such partyŠ—Ès legal and financial consultants; (b) in the event and to the extent it is required by a court or agency exercising jurisdiction over the subject matter hereof; (c) to such partyŠ—Ès permitted successor or assign hereunder; and (d) to the extent necessary to obtain transportation of the gas purchased and sold hereunder. "" "	Business" casino heat is offering a massive matchplay bonus to a maximum of deposit or more at casino heat and we will double your bankroll! click here to get started: <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> * to remove yourself from this mailing list, point your browser to: * enter your email address in the field provided and click unsubscribe. the mailing list id is or... * reply to this message with the word remove in the subject line. this message was sent to address x-pmg-recipient: <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> <<<>>> "" "	Businessfull day url 	Business"gas accord ii workshop demand - supply projections todayŠ—Ès agenda purpose of presentation background forecast end-use demands analysis process uncertainty variables combined uncertainty analysis observations and options purpose of presentation begin to identify the need and timing for new backbone pipeline capacity explain the major variables that drive the demand for backbone capacity, and their associated uncertainty background background historical storage capacity additions based primarily on meeting core winter season peaking supply needs, both peak day and over the winter season mcdonald island -- los medanos -- new storage capacity has been market-based wild goose -- lodi -- backbone capacity additions have been infrequent and have been large line -- line -- line -- background (continued) cpuc policy on backbone capacity additions driven by market considerations: no specific criteria for utilities need based on slack capacity to promote gas-on-gas competition, e.g. and of cold year demand timing based on Š—“let the market decideŠ— projects backbone supply delivery system should be sized to at least support local transmission capacity design to serve core under apd and all end-use demand under cwd forecast end-use demands pg&e on-system demand will continue to increase pg&e on-system demand forecast based on cgr, adjusted to reflect bcap settlement avg daily demand, mdth/day eg noncore core recorded projected gas demand for power generation is highly variable pg&e on-system demand for power generation mmcf/day recorded forecast mmcf/d analysis process analysis process identify variables that have greatest impact on demand for backbone gas supplies short-term: temperature, hydro, storage, off-system long-term: gas-fired electric generation forecasts for each short-term variable, develop potential scenarios with an associated probability of occurrence for each long-term demand forecast, estimate the impact on demand for backbone supply for all possible combinations for all the short-term variables summarize the results into a probability distribution of demand for backbone supplies by month uncertainty variables uncertainty variables temperature effect on core demand electric generation resource mix (e.g., hydro) effect on gas-fired electric generation demand gas market (e.g., malin-topock price spread) effect on off-system throughput underground storage market effect on injections into and withdrawals from storage long-term outlook for gas demand electric generation uncertainty economic factors, e.g., economic growth, interest rates, energy prices, etc. demand variable temperature primarily correlated to space heating demand greatest impact during winter season a cold or warm winter would change core demands by an average of about mmcf/day from november through february; about a increase in the seasonal core demand analysis based on five historical weather patterns probability cold cold normal warm warm demand variable temperature core sensitivity to temperature, (based on historical weather patterns) nov dec jan feb avg daily demand, mdth/day warm warm normal cold cold demand variable eg resource mix pg&e electricity supply: million kwh gas + oil hydro purchases nuclear geo./wind demand variable eg resource mix gas-fired eg tends to be marginal generation source year-to-year and month-to-month variation in resource mix drives gas-fired generation demand historical variability is about mmcf/day on an annual average basis mmcf/day) evolving electric generation market increases future variability three eg scenarios: probability normal wet dry demand variable eg resource mix eg sensitivity to hydro conditions jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec change in eg demand (mdth/day) dry normal wet demand variable off-system demand affected by several factors: on-system demands malin-topock price differential supplies coming in from socalgas, e.g., socal storage tends to vary seasonally on-system load growth may reduce off-system flows over time three throughput scenarios used for analysis: probability high medium low demand variable off-system demand average annual off-system flow potential range avg daily flow (mdth/day) low high medium demand variable off-system demand off-system throughput demand sensitivities jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec avg daily demand (mdth/day) - low - medium - high variable storage injection/withdrawal storage used for price arbitrage, reliability, and balancing traditional seasonal cycling may not persist, especially in the competitive noncore market increasing use of storage for price arbitrage and to meet summer demand peaks new storage providers increase injection/withdrawal capacity, and thereby increase uncertainty of backbone throughput analysis reflects assumed annual storage utilization profiles that includes wild goose and lodi variable storage injection/withdrawal little ability to predict how storage will be used in any given year decisions made by the buyers of storage services storage utilization increasingly driven by prices developed five potential profiles for analysis: probability status quo: seasonal cycle, about bcf double peak: winter and summer expansion: seasonal cycle, about bcf double peak + expansion suppressed cycle, about bcf variable storage profile scenarios injection withdrawal potential storage utilization profiles jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sept oct nov dec mdth/day double peak&expansion double peak status quo storage market expansion supressed market variable long-term growth trends drivers include: economic factors development of electric generation market regulatory framework/rules gas-fired electric generation currently seen as most uncertain over the next years used two eg growth scenarios for analysis california gas report (cgr) forecast adjusted for bcap settlement Š—“high growthŠ— scenario, about to growth/year variable long-term growth trends pg&e on-system demand for power generation eg gas demand, mmcf/day cgr, adjusted high growth mmcf/d combined uncertainty analysis backbone throughput versus capacity demand for flowing supply based on cgr, adjusted demand forecast jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec avg daily demand (mdth/day) chance chance expected outcome chance chance firm cap. firm cap. firm mdth/day backbone throughput versus capacity: higher electric generation growth demand for flowing supply based on higher eg growth forecast jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec avg daily demand (mdth/day) chance chance expected outcome chance chance firm cap. capacity firm mdth/day higher eg growth case: slack capacity demand for flowing supply based on higher eg growth forecast jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec avg daily demand (mdth/day) chance chance avg. conditions firm cap. capacity capacity firm mdth/day higher eg growth: average demand related to slack capacity demand for flowing supply based on higher eg growth forecast mdth/day avg. of expected capacity avg. of capacity avg. of firm cap. expected cap. firm cap. cap. observations and options observations growth in the gas-fired electric generation market will be the major factor in determining the size and timing of new gas system infrastructure new backbone capacity and supply may well be needed within the next five years, or so lead time for adding new capacity is significant, probably to years, at a minimum requires coordination with upstream capacity additions will need to consider how new backbone capacity additions will be addressed in gas accord ii option: build backbone capacity additions into settlement agree on amount of slack capacity and added backbone capital costs which are reflected in the rates considerations: considerable uncertainty in growth of eg gas demand level of slack capacity needed promotes gas-on-gas competition moderates gas and electric commodity prices improves supply reliability to meet uncertain future demands new capacity will need matching upstream capacity cost impact of new capacity may still need a mechanism to address further capacity needs option: let market decide include mechanism to address backbone transmission capacity additions and rate increases considerations: market tends to wait until constraints occur, which: decreases reliability increases commodity costs reduces gas-on-gas competition what is pg&eŠ—Ès obligation? allows for uncertainty in need and timing of projects new capacity will need matching upstream capacity "" "	Business"thomas, joel henenberg, jeffrey c gossett, robert superty, steve venturatos, thresa a allen, bryce baxter, dale neuner, stacey w white, kim s theriot, linda s bryan, jennifer deboisblanc denny, robert b cass, bill d hare, michael eiben, laurel adams, torrey moorer, connie sutton, randall l gay, edward terry, russ severson, victor lamadrid, lisa csikos, katherine l kelly, donna greif, mary g gosnell, frank l davis, mary m smith, diane h cook, daren j farmer, kimberly s olinger, rita wynne, vanessa schulte, carolyn gilley, martha stevens, jenny latham, darron c giron, david baumbach, avril forster, sylvia a campos, stacey richardson, mark d thorne, patti sullivan, keith clark, larry joe hunter, kam keiser, lisa lees, george f smith, chris abel, david baumbach, rebecca ford, tricia spence, kristen j hanson, melissa k ratnala, beth apollo, sally beck, mary solmonson cc: francisco dejesus, janet de la paz, ryan seleznov, norma yeverino, toni graham, molly magee subject: assigned hr reps. x-sdoc: x-zlid: dear clients, in order to better serve your hr needs, frank and i are splitting up sally's eops world into two groups. each group will have a primary contact as defined below. frank and i will continue to back each other up in order to make hr services available to you as your needs arise. if either of us is not available, you may contact the other for immediate response. frank dejesus will have primary responsibility for the employees in the following groups: bob m. hall jeff gossett stacey white sheri thomas i will be responsible for the employees in the following groups: leslie reeves shona wilson beth apollo james scribner mary solmonson enroncredit.com toni graham will remain as a staffing specialist with a focus on accounting and risk management candidates. molly magee will focus on all other disciplines. rhonna palmer will continue to staff non-exempt (hourly) employees. norma yeverino joins our group as a newly promoted jr. specialist. norma will be involved in some generalist duties and will provide comprehensive reporting capabilities to sally beck and her direct reports. hr associate, sunjay arya will rotate through our group for the next six months, and will focus on special projects. he was recently involved with the compensation team. janet de la paz will continue to provide comprehensive administrative support for all of us with the same goodwill and professionalism that has helped us in the past. frank & i look forward to working with ryan seleznov, sr. director of hr, effective we look forward to serving your hr needs in please forward this to the rest of the employees in your group. here's how you can contact us: frank dejesus @ ext. pager: cell: home: hector g. mcloughlin @ ext. pager: cell: home: norma yeverino @ ext. cell: home: toni graham @ ext. pager: cell: home: molly magee @ ext. pager: cell: home: ryan seleznov @ ext. cell: home: hgm "" "	Business" we have traditionally have had currency issues in canada regarding p&l preservation versus cashflow preservation. we have been valued in p&l under the us$ but due to revenue canada reasons our functional currency has been c$ (i.e. the preponderence of cashflows were in c$ from the legacy gas deals, petrocanada, suncour, etc, and the ppa position). since trader evaluation at year end has been in us$, traders would hedge c$ positions immediately as the trade occured. the hedge would extend until the position rolled of his book. from a p&l systems point of view, this would preserve the trader's p&l in us$. however, from a treasury point of view currency risk would still exist until cash exchange hands; these cash exchange dates were different for financial trades, physical trades and inter-company trades. there was also some currency risk (albeit small) between billing dates from sap and settlement dates of the respective trade type. it is my opinion that the functional currency should match the evaluation currency in order to mitigate many of the above problems. to a certain extent, i am indifferent if it is us$ or c$. the timeline of the decision is being driven by our accounting group who need to set up the sap system. they are trying to work within a deadline to have the company capable of performing transactions by jan this is the date that they have been told to meet by houston. as a result, we would need a determinination of the functional currency by mon jan "" "	Business" please print originals of the attached confirm on ena stationary and give to me for initailling and forwarding to janet wallis. ----- forwarded by dan j hyvl/hou/ect on am ----- janet h wallis am to: dan j cc: subject: entex ena sells physical gas a day feb hsc - clark meter deal date "" "	Business"stone gary green subject: enron actuals for july thru x-sdoc: x-zlid: july teco tap hpl iferc ls hpl katy enron july teco tap hpl iferc july teco tap ; hpl iferc "" "	Business" lub trading at around up on the day, shares traded. looks good "" "	Business" to: all enron employees from: raymond bowen, jr. evp, finance & treasurer subject: update on employee expense reimbursement post-petition expenses effective immediately, the processing of expense reimbursement for business expenses incurred by employees after enron corp.'s chapter filing (after december has returned to normal. expenses will be reimbursed promptly upon submission. employees should conduct business travel in the ordinary course of business as approved by direct supervisors. new travel and entertainment guidelines regarding business travel and other employee expenses will be forthcoming. in the meantime, please use discretion as you incur expenses. all expenditures should be made with consideration given to enron's current financial situation. pre-petition expenses we will immediately begin to reimburse pre-petition expenses for current and former employees (incurred prior to the december chapter filing) up to a maximum of we understand that a number of employees have pre-petition expenses in excess of however, under the first day orders of the bankruptcy court, there is a allowance per employee for unpaid pre-petition compensation, benefits, and related employee expenses. this cap was imposed without input from enron management and counsel. we have sought clarification from the bankruptcy court to assure that this cap does not include the reimbursement of medical, dental, or vision related expenses. we have commenced a manual review of every individual with pending pre-petition expenses in excess of even prior to clarification from the court regarding the medical/dental/vision expense issue, we will begin to reimburse pre-petition expenses in excess of and up to as soon as we can verify that the aggregate reimbursements to an individual employee have not exceeded the cap. unfortunately, since this will be a manual process, it will take some time to work through. employees with pre-petition business expenses in excess of can assist us with this manual review process by providing a brief email summary of their situation, including the total amount of pending pre-petition medical/dental/vision claims, to thank you for your patience. "" "	Business" the latest release has arrived! a new release of e-request (the web based network access system) is being launched september it is guaranteed to enhance the way you access enron net works supported resources such as: applications, conference room administration, data directories, and restricted printers. added benefits include: ability to provide direct feedback to the e-request team new regional specific application lists ability to request creation of new, secured directories faster, more efficient navigation more attractive, cleaner interface accessible history of resources more details listed on pending and closed requests logon is more reliable the current release is available at http://itcentral.enron.com. to learn more about e-request, attend one of our premier brown bag sessions. rsvp by contacting kim lerro at extension. seating is limited, so call now to reserve your seat! brown bag schedule (one hour sessions) monday august am am am pm pm thursday august pm friday september am pm pm wednesday september pm thursday september am friday september am "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" hi guys, could someone send an electronic file of the execution copy of the coyote springs contract? thank you, kay "" "	Business" <<calpine daily gas nomination ricky a. archer fuel supply louisiana, suite houston, texas direct fax - calpine daily gas nomination "" "	Business"date hr begin hr end total hours delivery point supply mw per hour total mw bought/ sold ees price ees ees ees ees ees ees ees ees ees ees ees ees ees "" "	Business"for using telephone number from: derryl to: all enron x-sdoc: x-zlid: as you know, enron net works (enw) and enron global strategic sourcing (gss) recently executed a two-year agreement, whereby mci worldcom would serve as enron's primary telecommunications provider. in our previous communication, we indicated that we would provide you with more detailed information as it became available. beginning friday, october at a.m. c.s.t, the procedure for calling enron's houston offices from international locations, excluding canada, using the phone number will change. the new procedure is as follows: please dial the worldphone international access number for the country where you are located (country access code), which is available on the attached wallet card, accessible through the following link: you will then be prompted for your pin number. since calling cards and pin numbers are not required to use this service, all users should respond by dialing or you will then be asked to enter your destination. please dial to reach enron's corporate offices in houston. this procedure can only be used to call from worldphone international locations. if you are calling from the u. s. or canada, please continue to dial if you have questions regarding commercial aspects of this agreement, please feel free to contact tom moore, gss senior contract manager at for technical issues, please contact hasan imam, enw it manager at "" "	Business" st. suite denver, co name phone cellular home prefix askew, bill n/a n/a baldridge, don bawden, brian bierbach, brian bloom, bert braden, cat bump, dan carnevale, aaron n/a n/a choyce, ken daniel, shonnie dickenson, carla n/a downey, pat flanigan, tricia forrester, dixie fresquez, rick n/a gross, michelle hoff, james jagau, jim n/a jantz, chris jurgens, kristen kolman, mike kusner, steve n/a n/a lebsack, ryan legler, mike lucero, catrina martinez, chris n/a mathews, bill mcelhaney, daniel n/a mcnamee, linda mentor, tricia norris, sue norton, pierce parada, lisa n/a pimmel, tim rafter, mick ritzdorf, paul schlecht, dinah schroeder, andy scobel, dave serrano, walt shields, glennda sitter, scott smith, steve srikijkarn, rick tipton, sarah n/a varnell, charles walsh, alan weisberg, bill n/a wiederholt, barry wiesner, paul woods, janice main line fax toll free main line fax toll free address: st. suite denver, co voice mail toll free conference rooms pikes peak conf rm. (bus devlp area far end) faxes longs peak conf rm. (video conf) bus devl fax evans conf rm. (next to video conf) operations fax elbert main conference room brian bierbach fax grays peak conf. rm (next to kitchen) accounting fax maroon peak conf. rm. (next to library) huddle rooms rio grande huddle rm (by shonnie) columbia huddle rm (by exit near shonnie) snake huddle rm (closest to brian bawden) platte huddle rm (next to snake huddle) work rooms bus devl work room operations work room drafting work room kitchen lan room library field offices grasslands plant lignite plant po box (us ps & ups) bennie pierre rd. fax (fedex) ave. nw fax sydney, mt lignite, nd belfield field office sheridan office highway fax coffeen ave. fax belfield, mt sheridan, wy gillette office e street fax gillette, wy printers eldora brian vail copier by bus devl mary jane bus development copper color printer steamboat** check printer - **accounting use only please aspen gas control winter park copier in ops workroom loveland operations by library berthoud plotter - black snowmass plotter - grey "" "	Businessis is possible to import a lotus elise and get it converted to left-hand drive and road compliant? i was wondering if you knew how to do it and how much it would cost thank you. 	Business" wayne perry, enron houston jim fernie,enron houston paul.y'barbo, enron houston cc: lhc gas reite, nils - b. superintendent hfs andreassen, jon hfs subject: daily pos. report x-sdoc: x-zlid: posrep hoegh galleon april a) position at noon : n w b) dist. from last noon : n. miles hrs.) c) dist. to go to next port: n.miles d) eta next port :april e) sea/weather :wind: se sea: se speed knots / average rpm consumed consumed mt. consumed :nil vapor press. tk. bar. average liq. tk. tk. tk. tk. brgds oe. hansen master e-mail: teleph: inmarsat tel.no. fax : inmarsat fax no. telex : inmarsat b telex telex : inmarsat c telex "" "	Business"market data publications and real-time applications vendor/company publication priority our contact vendor contact vendor contact details date contacted agreement to continue use continue usage end date agreement in principal to transfer confirmation received confirmation letter sent have enron contract have ubs contract actual transfer comments accu-weather weather/gas danielle marcinkowski dave ryan yes new contract american gas association aga weather/gas danielle marcinkowski chris mcgill yes new contract american stock exchange danielle marcinkowski michael naylor yes new contract argus power/gas danielle marcinkowski karen johnson friday our contract expired they are continuing service expired new contract bloomberg powerlines - bloomberg energy power/gas danielle marcinkowski brad johnson joel is talking with vendor yes new contract bridge data supplied by reuters power/gas danielle marcinkowski lynne carithers this feed falls under reuters contract this is a reuters contract yes no yes yes -reuters new contract btu power/gas danielle marcinkowski cynthia corcoran the contract expired we will be signing a new agreement. it is not currently on since the contract expired create new ubs contract no expired new contract canadian gas price reporter calgary danielle marcinkowski www.enerdata.com yes new contract cera cambridge energy research associates gas danielle marcinkowski www.cera.com yes new contract chemical news intelligence cni calgary danielle marcinkowski dave mccakill yes new contract cmai weekly summary market report doe energy outlook gas danielle marcinkowski honor mccurdy friday they sent e-mail allow usage from enron until ubs contract is signed e-mail - yes no yes new contract cqg commodity quote graphics power/gas danielle marcinkowski becky gilfrey friday have e-mail confirmation yes allow usage from enron until ubs contract is signed e-mail - yes no yes new contract economy.com dismal scientist power danielle marcinkowski www.economy.com/register/subscribe.asp yes new contract dri / wefa gas/power danielle marcinkowski thomas mcgregor friday yes new contract earth - sat weather/gas danielle marcinkowski matt rodgers yes new contract energy intelligence group natural gas week, energy intelligence briefing, oil daily, energy compass, petroleum intelligence, international petroleum finance, oil market intelligence gas danielle marcinkowski damon jones yes new contract environment canada daily weather data calgary danielle marcinkowski scott mccormick yes new contract factiva (dow jones interactive) gas/power danielle marcinkowski art spanjer finanacial times energy danielle marcinkowski chuck van note yes new contract first call danielle marcinkowski todd saccani yes new contract freez - notis weather danielle marcinkowski charlie notis yes new contract friedwire gas/power danielle marcinkowski stuart ext. friday spoke with him and he sent an e-mail giving us time to re-do the contract with ubs yes new contract i.h.s. energy formally dwights gas/power danielle marcinkowski nelson armstrong yes new contract iir danielle marcinkowski emailed paula to get contact yes new contract lexis nexis legal danielle marcinkowski dru davidson yes new contract logical information machine - lim platts, dri, argus, financial times energy, natural gas intelligence, opis power/gas danielle marcinkowski jim garland have e-mail confirmation yes new contract nasdaq exchange power/gas danielle marcinkowski yes new contract natural gas intelligence (ngi) danielle marcinkowski cathy behan they want e-mail from us yes new contract new york stock exchange power/gas danielle marcinkowski yes new contract nickles energy information technology calgary danielle marcinkowski cindy trueman yes new contract oil and tanker market report danielle marcinkowski no contact yes new contract opis power/gas danielle marcinkowski walt sierer i sent e-mail he is extremely difficult to work with!!! yes new contract we will have lapse of service while contracts are being signed opra power/gas danielle marcinkowski no contact yes new contract pdi - planetary data incorporated danielle marcinkowski stoney cooper left vm yes new contract pira power/gas danielle marcinkowski jeff steele he sent e-mail yes new contract platts power/gas danielle marcinkowski tony janczak left vm yes new contract platts - rdi (resource data institute) powerdat, coaldat, newgen, basecase, gasdat, powermap mike wright he sent contracts to me under ubs name reuters kobra / i-finance / tibco power/gas danielle marcinkowski lynne carither joel is talking with vendor yes new contract toronto stock exchange power/gas danielle marcinkowski no contact yes new contract weather services international weather/gas danielle marcinkowski john bossee left vm yes new contract --- real-time application or exchange "" "	Business"estalee russi <estalee felicia beal <felicia fran fagan <fran gary p smith <gary p jerry harkreader <jerry john anderson <john jorge olivares <jorge kristin passmore <kristin leesa hutcherson <leesa michele denby <michele miranda southard <miranda renee pena <renee rita houston <rita roger sumlin <roger wilford dodd <wilford william keeney <william brad alford <brad bruce golden <bruce bryan williams <bryan carl tricoli <carl christopher coffman <christopher chu chu wang <chu chu charles ward <charles w david duran <w david david marks <david eric rhodes <eric farouk lalji <farouk george schaefer <george greg blair <greg greg martin <greg jeff hoover <jeff john moore <john lisa zarsky <lisa mario alonso <mario michael miller <michael mitch robinson <mitch naveed ahmed <naveed paulita olvera <paulita tina holcombe <tina tina rode <tina tosha henderson <tosha andrea ring <andrea brad mckay <brad chris germany <chris judy townsend <judy kimberly bates <kimberly peter f keavey <peter f sandra f brawner <sandra f scott goodell <scott scott neal <scott sean boyle <sean susan w pereira <susan w victoria versen <victoria vladi pimenov <vladi derek anderson <derek susan huston <susan burak hurbas <burak colin crowley <colin lisa rizzo <lisa richard johnson <richard sandra torres <sandra angela stie <angela armando lira <armando audry o'toole <audry beverly filer <beverly helen m jeschke <helen m john h harrison <john h kristi i louthan <kristi i michael philips <michael peggy rathmell <peggy robert regan jr <robert regan shannon cobb <shannon sharon stringfellow <sharon valarie curry <valarie subject: - owa please print this now. x-sdoc: x-zlid: current notes user: reasons for using outlook web access (owa) once your mailbox has been migrated from notes to outlook, the outlook client will be configured on your computer. after migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve mail via notes, and you will not be able to start using outlook until it is configured by the outlook migration team the morning after your mailbox is migrated. during this period, you can use outlook web access (owa) via your web browser (internet explorer to read and send mail. please note: your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and to-do entries imported from notes will not be available until the outlook client is configured on your desktop. remote access to your mailbox. after your outlook client is configured, you can use outlook web access (owa) for remote access to your mailbox. please note: at this time, the owa client is only accessible while connecting to the enron network (lan). there are future plans to make owa available from your home or when traveling abroad. how to access outlook web access (owa) launch internet explorer and in the address window type: substitute john.doe with your first and last name, then click enter. you will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below. type in corp/your user id for the user name and your nt password to logon to owa and click ok. you will now be able to view your mailbox. please note: there are some subtle differences in the functionality between the outlook and owa clients. you will not be able to do many of the things in owa that you can do in outlook. below is a brief list of *some* of the functions not available via owa: features not available using owa: - tasks - journal - spell checker - offline use - printing templates - reminders - timed delivery - expiration - outlook rules - voting, message flags and message recall - sharing contacts with others - task delegation - direct resource booking - personal distribution lists questions or concerns? if you have questions or concerns using the owa client, please contact the outlook question and answer mailbox at: otherwise, you may contact the resolution center at: thank you, outlook migration team "" "	Business"moffett, cathy corbin, chris h foster, christina liscano, craig h sutter, dan leff, debora whitehead, dennis benevides, don black, dorothy youngblood, douglas huth, edward sacks, eric melvin, erika dupre, evan hughes, fran deltoro, gayle w muench, ginger dernehl, gordon savage, harold g buchanan, harry kingerski, iris waser, james d steffes, james w lewis, james wright, jeff messina, jeremy blachman, jess hewitt, joe hartsoe, karen denne, kathy bass, kathy dodgen, ken gustafson, kevin hughes, leasa lopez, leticia botello, mark s muller, marsha suggs, marty sunde, meredith m eggleston, michael etringer, michael mann, michelle d cisneros, neil bresnan, neil hong, paul kaufman, paula warren, richard l zdunkewicz, richard leibert, richard shapiro, rita hennessy, roger yang, rosalinda tijerina, sandra mccubbin, sarah novosel, scott gahn, scott stoness, sharon dick, tanya leslie, tasha lair, ted murphy, terri greenlee, tim belden, tony spruiell, vicki sharp, vladimir gorny, wanda curry, william s bradford, kathryn corbally, jubran whalan, richard b sanders, robert c williams, greg wolfe, james wright, dirk vanulden, steve walker, jennifer rudolph, martin wenzel, douglas condon, scott govenar hedy govenar @ enron, mike d smith, john neslage, janel guerrero, eric letke, richard b sanders, michael tribolet, robert frank, richard b sanders, susan j mara, chris holmes, david leboe subject: municipal utilities warned x-sdoc: x-zlid: municipal utilities warned governor says he'll seize excess electricity if prices don't come down david lazarus, chronicle staff writer thursday, may san francisco chronicle url: sacramento -- gov. gray davis threatened last night to seize excess power generated by california's municipal utility districts, which he said have charged even higher electricity prices than out-of-state generators. davis said in an interview with the chronicle that some municipal utility districts have charged the state as much as percent more than the average wholesale cost demanded by private power companies. the governor's tough talk came as california suffered through a stage power alert and faced the prospect of a long, hot summer of rolling blackouts and skyrocketing electricity prices. so far this year, the state has paid more than billion to buy power for its cash-strapped utilities. in a variation on his threat to seize power plants from out-of-state generators if they continue gouging california ratepayers, the governor said he would use his executive powers to claim excess juice from the locally owned utilities if they do not lower their prices. he said he is ready to go to court if they offer resistance. we're going to get that power one way or another, davis said. municipal utilities are city-owned power companies. in northern california, there are municipal utilities in alameda, palo alto, redding, sacramento and santa clara. los angeles has the largest municipal utility in the state. days till contract details for the first time, the governor also gave a time frame for releasing details of more than long-term electricity contracts california is signing with generators since the financial meltdown of the state's two biggest utilities. he said that after about six more contracts get nailed down, he expects full details to be made available within days. although the contracts involve nearly billion in public funds, davis and other state officials have adamantly refused to divulge their contents, insisting that secrecy is needed to remain competitive during negotiations. the chronicle and other media outlets have filed suit for access to the contracts, arguing that the public has a right to know how its money is being spent. rude awakening while going toe-to-toe with the out-of-state generators, the last thing davis needed was for municipal utilities -- the home team, as it were -- to emulate the texas big boys and dig deep into california's pockets. yet the governor's negotiators have been struggling for weeks to convince municipals that they are obliged to provide power at cost -- which davis insisted they are required to do by law. he met last week with the heads of a dozen municipal utilities and told them explicitly that he would not tolerate gouging from within the state as california faces a summer of potential blackouts. the governor said after the meeting that the municipals had agreed to make most of their excess power available this summer . . . at prices significantly lower than those being charged on the spot market. apparently, however, little progress has been made since that declaration. davis told the chronicle last night that he is still trying very hard to promote this notion that we're all in this together. while unwilling to specify which municipal utilities have been most aggressive in their pricing, and refusing to place a dollar amount on how much the utilities charged, davis said he is prepared to seize up to megawatts of output if the they do not change their ways. eight hundred megawatts is enough power to light about homes. representatives of the various municipal utilities could not be reached for comment, nor could a spokesperson for the california municipal utilities association in sacramento. i told them that they will either (reduce their prices) voluntarily or involuntarily, the governor said. uncertain future it remains to be seen, however, whether the municipal utilities will play ball. to date, they have shown a firm inclination to go their own way. in march, lodi's municipal utility district and a northern california municipal utility cooperative that includes palo alto, santa clara and alameda told pacific gas and electric co. that they will not participate in rolling blackouts during power shortages. i won't arbitrarily screw my customers . . . so pg&e customers can turn on their lights somewhere else, said alan vallow, director of the utility serving lodi's residents. e-mail david lazarus at san francisco chronicle “ page“a - "" "	Businessn s e w c o l o r a d o r i v e r c a l i f n e v n o r t h n e e d l e s s o u t h n e e d l e s t o p o c k m e x i c o a r i z o n a l e g e n d n o t t o s c a l e s o c a l g a s t r a n s m i s s i o n f a c i l i t i e s a n d i n t e r c o n n e c t s / p g & e l i n e s a b k e r n m o j a v e k e r n / m o j a v e m o j a v e o n l y t r a n s w e s t e r n e l p a s o e l p a s o e h r e n b u r g k e r n r i v e r / m o j a v e p g & e k r s b l y t h e r e c i p r o c a t i n g c o m p r e s s o r c e n t r i f u g a l c o m p r e s s o r r e g u l a t o r s t a t i o n s t o r a g e f i e l d i n t e r c o n n e c t i n g p i p e l i n e s o c a l g a s k e r n / m o j a v e p g & e w h e e l e r r i d g e h e c t o r r d . o c c i d e n t a l g o s f o r d 	Neutral[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral" i will check on this, thanks for the info.brad "" "	Neutral" late on october we received information about a nonspecific threat to the enron center. we communicated with law enforcement officials who found the threat unsubstantiated and without merit. nonetheless we take all threats seriously and have increased the security presence at the enron center still further. once again, if you observe suspicious behavior, please call security at "" "	Businesswe are pleased to announce the addition of david guillaume to ena-portland. david comes to us from ebs-portland enterprise origination. he began at enron in as an associate with ena's north east power origination group in houston. he will be transitioning into his new position with west origination. please join us in welcoming david to ena! 	Business" october is fast approaching! mark your calendar-- as the enron corp. savings plan moves to a new administrator! as a savings plan participant, friday, october at cst will be your last day to: Îà transfer investment fund balances and make contribution allocation changes Îà change your contribution rate for the november payroll deductions Îà enroll if you were hired before october two important reminders: Îà vanguard lifestrategy investment options are being replaced with fidelity freedom funds and; Îà your funds will remain invested in the funds chosen as of cst until am november at am cst, november the savings plan system re-opens with great new features. should you need assistance during the transition period, call ext. and press option this option will be available from cst october until cst november enron benefits... keeping pace with your lifestyle. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" brad, there are six people leaving from the houston area next fri. am. what are your plans and when can you get away? i know you had such a wonderful time traveling with jsl & me that one year, i can't imagine that you would want to pass another opportunity like that again. the other people are julio (brother), dad, you, me, and my two nephews, chase laguarta and cade rhoden. please let me know so we can try to keep from taking a cars if possible. kirk "" "	Personal"enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # company name pbm mechanical inc. analysis of a/r - other for the months ended prepared by: sonya city company # extension: balance beginning other other other other description balance changes balance changes balance changes balance changes balance dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) (provide detail of indivdual items in excess of accts receivables - unconsolidated assoc companies: total (hyperion line asset/expense accts: dr/(cr) accts receivables - other: total (hyperion line asset/expense accts: dr/(cr) asset/expense accts: dr/(cr) company # enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # company name pbm mechanical inc. analysis of other current assets for the months ended prepared by: sonya city company # extension: balance beginning other other other other description balance changes balance changes balance changes balance changes balance dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) (provide detail of indivdual items in excess of misc a/r - party * total current assets * * * must tie to hyperion account asset/expense accts: dr/(cr) company # enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # company name pbm mechanical inc. analysis of property, plant and equipment for the months ended prepared by: sonya city company # extension: balance charged to i/s dr/(cr.) sales and other detail of ending description beginning additions retirements depr depl other other changes balance balance dr/(cr) dr/(cr) (list below-a) (list below-b) dr/(cr) natural gas transmission electric generation & distribution construction in process o & g properties other gross pp & e accumulated dd & a net pp & e * ** ** * ** pertains to amounts related to normal (a) (b) * must tie to operations. unusual amounts should be shown hyperion line under other changes with appropriate explanations. net_tot_ppe asset/exp dr/(cr) detail of other changes (b) pp & e accum net charged to other i/s accts (a) key: dr/(cr) dr/(cr) dr/(cr) description hyp acct chgd dr/(cr) (provide detail of individual items in excess of depr charged to jobs reclassification between property accounts (should net to intercompany transfer (list companies): mep services, inc total acquisition (disposition) of business foreign currency translation adjustment lease impairments - oil & gas other (detail): total company # enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # company name pbm mechanical inc. analysis of other current liabilities for the months ended prepared by: sonya city company # extension: balance beginning other other other other description balance changes balance changes balance changes balance changes balance dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) (provide detail of individual items in excess of billings in excess gen liability ins - moved to worker's comp ins - moved to total other current liabilities (must tie to hyperion account * * income accts: dr/(cr) reverse signs from hyperion company # enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # company name pbm mechanical inc. analysis of other deferred credits for the months ended company # prepared by: sonya city extension: balance charged to transfer / reclasses description dr. (cr.) cash pd / (rec'd) income statement amount hyperion acct. # dr. (cr.) beginning balance dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) dr. (cr.) to / from ending balance comments provide detail of individual items in excess of use comments section to provide an explanation of why any revenue items are deferred and what event will cause revenue recognition other deferred credits: payroll taxes on old sytem - cutover balance total (hyperion line asset/expense accts: dr/(cr) reverse signs from hyperion company # enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # company name pbm mechanical inc. analysis of other income and deductions for the months ended prepared by: sonya city extension: company # description qtr qtr qtr qtr year to date other income - other (provide detail of individual items in excess of misc inc. coded to gain/loss acct in error total other income - other (must tie to hyperion account income accts: dr/(cr) reverse signs from hyperion description qtr qtr qtr qtr year to date other deductions - other (provide detail of individual items in excess of total other deductions - other (must tie to hyperion account asset/expense accts: dr/(cr) same signs as hyperion company # enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company company name pbm mechanical, inc reconciliation of stockholders' equity and investment in subs for the months ended prepared by: sonya city company extension: balance equity in dividends declared other activity dr (cr) reclass ni earnings dr (cr) hyp line beg balance to beg re /losses common preferred dr (cr) (describe) end balance shareholders equity by parent reverse signs from hyperion common stock paid in capital - contribution received from parent re - beg bal re - net income re - net income (fair value adjustment) - dividends decl - preferred stock - dividends decl - common stock - invest in subs plug account total shareholders' equity tot_share_equ - - - net income net_income parent's co # investment in consol sub (on parent books) same signs as hyperion investment in cs - investment in pic (contrib by parent) - investment in equity earnings of sub - total investment in consol sub - - - - - - - equity in consol sub difference between se (on sub) and invest (on parent) - - - reasons for differences - - - - a schedule will need to be prepared for each subsidiary. company enron corp and consolidated subsidiaries company # (please print) prepared by: sonya city company name pbm mechanical inc. e-schedules check list for the period ending: reviewed by: felecia fitzgerald * priority schedule company # sch consol acct quarterly schedules completed or n/a a/r - other n/a * other current assets completed * tot_invest_subs investment in unconsolidated tot_eqearn_oth affiliates, partnerships & joint ventures n/a * merchant and other investments n/a goodwill n/a * tot_ppe property, plant & equipment completed tot_accum_dda depreciation, depletion & amortization * other deferred charges n/a other current liabilities completed * tot_np_other short-term and long-term debt n/a other deferred credits completed minority interests n/a (gain) loss on sales of assets n/a other income and other deductions completed lease expense & future lease commitments completed various accounts equity/invmt sub completed tot_invest_subs investee's summarized information n/a tot_eqearn_oth additional schedules for year end only analysis of reserve items n/a company # "" "	Neutral" we've updated the merger q&a document on our enron updates site ( <http://home.enron.com/updates/mergerqa.html>), as a result of the many questions you've had concerning the merger between enron and dynegy. questions addressed include those about enron stock options, benefits and immigration status. please stay tuned for additional updates. "" "	Businesscaliso filed a tariff to charge scheduling coordinators ferc's annual charge. the iso should charge end users (transmission customers). as you know we just got ferc to rule that marketers don't have to pay the annual charges. tim wants to protest. protests due please respond asap. 	Business" lynn, i would like to take vacation days on november and i realize it's the holiday and am not sure if the requested is possible if not that is fine. thanks, ava "" "	Business" guys, as a follow up to our meeting - the deliverables include: a) producer team - jones/polzin - one live deal/prospect from the producer sector for the insurance product in third quarter; b) power team - duran/overdyke - one live deal/prospect from the ipp sector for the insurance product in the third quarter. thanks regards delainey "" "	Business"kimberly lindberg lorraine kilmer iii robert lokey teb veatch stephen martens donna petersen keith cc: porter gregory j. pryor tony dornan dari x-sdoc: x-zlid: one clarification, we have not executed contracts for only i think- otherwise ok. mk "" "	Business" as you are aware, your business unit has been selected to participate in project gem (global enron migration) for the rollout of windows in preparation for this rollout, it is imperative that we gather information about your workstation and the applications you use. to begin this data collection, we have automated the process. in fact, your system has just been inventoried. once this information is received, we will be working with your local department coordinator to consolidate this information to ensure this transition is as smooth as possible. the gem team would like to thank you for your participation. if you have any questions, please contact patrick marchand, "" "	Business" i appreciate the email. i figured something must be wrong for you to miss the big day, but i was afraid to call. the important thing, obviously, is that you get better. we'll just have to figure out a way to meet up with you in the near future. tell everyone i said hi and keep me informed of your operation and recovery. we'll all miss you very much. hugs and kisses, kevin. p.s. tell tom and john we said hi. "" "	Personalare we still on for lunch? 	Personallinda crawford - to be sending emil to cathy phillips w/further details prior to 	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutralcalcagno subject: re: trco backhaul rates x-sdoc: x-zlid: i'g going to have judy work tansco over for a backhaul discount for the summer. 	Businessfull day url 	Personal" extremely, and everybody got a flower on saturday night except me because you weren't there to buy me one! what's up for this week, my hot tub is still crying out for you. oh by the way i figured out why the water is so harsh on your skin. so, i will need to fix that asap. it's giving me a rash, at least i hope that's what is giving me a rash. see ya! "" "	Personal" jeff, i am in the process of getting the articles of inc. for enron telecommunications, inc. and the cert. of status as foreign corporation from ca sec. of state. this is a delaware corp. and the offices were closed because of the snow storms. i will keep you posted. robin hill jeff dasovich @ ees on pm to: @ enron, robin hill/enron communications, steve cc: subject: next steps for california filing greetings all: when we spoke with bowen, et al last week, we determined that there were some deliverables that enron needed to pull together before we could get the application in order for filing. according to my notes, those include: articles of incorporation--steve cert. of status as foreign corporation from ca sec. state--steve pro forma balance sheet--scott/steve/todd henney (sp?) customer base estimates--scott bank letter confirming in liquid assets--scott/steve modifications to the price list, etc., in the draft afts tariff--scott/steve/rebecca lynch biographies of key management--scott we also talked about trying to have another call either on tuesday or wednesday. two questions: what's the status of pulling together our internal deliverables? does it make more sense to get the deliverables pulled together first, before we have another call? best, jeff "" "	Business"notes from meeting with perfect.com. (cameron sellers - vp, bizdev and mike davenport, dir prod mktg.) perfect.com views themselves as an infrastructure player looking to add value in three market segments for the industry: netmarketmakers, inudstrysponsoredexchanges, trading/commerce platform providers. perfect feels there are already too many nmms. feels a shakeout / consolidation will come soon. perfect's focus in the short term month timeframe): they are talking to market makers/verticals in the chemicals, plastics industry, etc. want to find nmms that will sustain a year from now. wants to go after providers like ariba, commerce one. long term focus months): more revenue from consulting, hand-holding customers through service. envisions a set of wizards that will walk customers through the process of setting up rfqs with dedicated support form the consulting team. perfect wants to be best of breed in sourcing of sourcing is not based purely on price). current solutions will fall short since most focus purely on price which serves the need of only of the exchange transactions. perfect thinks that content and sourcing will remain the most important part of any nmm. rest - fulfillment etc. is not as critical a component. perfect would love to get into cmrc/arba partnership. its strategy to do this is to form a partnership with a vertical/nmm that uses arba/cmrc. this will give perfect a chance to work with cmrc/arba, and demonstrate the goodness of their solution. this way they will be taken more seriously. currently asp model with transaction fees. nmm takes of value of transaction. perfect wants some of that (maybe of that also open to a subscription based model. as far as competition, perfect considers casbah and idapta to be competition. casbah has had a lot of talent leave. also, vcs saying stop funding for a while - wait and see approach. consider idapta (previously intelligent/digital) to be secondary competition. perfect thinks lots of people saying / touting rfq capability. but, under the hood, basic rfq template that's basically blank. current customers : in all. transportation logistics, seafood exchange, agriculture, it services. employees: currently ramping to by end of year. as an example, mike set up the transportation customer with what would have been a total of billable hours. perfect does not want to partner with a company that will not show off perfect's technology. most rfqs in existence today are of the post & reply format. companies are sending perfect their rfq examples for attributes to add to their software. problem with post & reply is the firehose issue - buyers get bombarded with of possible suppliers and they want to avoid dealing with that. want a list of top prospects filtered/sorted by the buyer's criteria. not going for pure price driven markets. a nmm can work with perfect to pre-calibrate the knob settings for rfqs. this will serve up customers a best-known sourcing value model for their particular industry which they will then be free to tweak. perfect will have a professional services organization that will a business technologist team much like a consulting firm that will advise and set up default button settings for clients to help them configure their rfqs. perfect's biggest barrier to entry is that they have a month lead on their competitors on the multi-dimensional rfq technology. also their technology for their algorithm is patent pending and is their golden egg. this was developed after much in-depth research performed by paul milgrom (sp?) of stanford, and his phd students. they think this lead is significant enough to allow them to win with nmms, ises. they are focussing marketing efforts with the nmms and ises on proving defenitive value add/roi by showing the use of their technology against the old post and reply roi. not stressing just quantitive roi, but qualititative roi as well i.e. efficiency of perfect engine as the best economical. perfect would like us to bring perspective - services v/s software revenue - different valuations put on these revenue models by wall street. their old revenue model was transactions/services. their transactions based rev model will be tiered. i.e. percentage will be lower the larger the transaction amount, etc. they estimate that within months, the transaction based revenue model will cease to exist in the industry (contradiction?). their backup is to have consulting service revenue market intelligence service revenue now looking more at larger revenue quicker => professional services will help here they think. (what do we think?) market intelligence may be biggest revenue maker. their phd eceonomists can do trend anlaysis and sell the results to nmms who will sell to suppliers at the nmms to be better able to serve their customers. they can also use the results to better set their default knob settings/profiles. systems integrators (sis) that can help integrate perfect technology with different systems/solutions out there - include neon, ondisplay, tibco, webmethods. perfect would love to partner with plasticsnet, materialsnet, esteele - the big boys. as far as partners, calico seems eager to partner with perfect. wants to develop a solution together and beta test it with a couple of calico's customers. will thus guinea pig with some nmms so as to be seamless with the rest of the nmms. capstan does logistics - works w/ webmethods and itwo. will use capstan as gateway to nmms, and ises. software offers several levels of service. basic level is just a match on product need. next level would be inventory watch/management, lastly erp integration. as far as partnerships, perfect wants to learn by doing. if while working with partners, they find a problem too complex, and need to get a party involved, they will pull them in as well. they feel this kind of networking is doable since there's a small community of component providers. wants to be integratable plug and play to whoever becomes king of end to end. asp model - concerned about how to connect with server based software. wants recommendation if possible as part of the report. one big issue is that customers care about reliability and are hesitant to change from existing process. specially with hosting and asp. also, they are not comfortable giving out their sourcing data and may view it as competitive advantage... cameron would like us to give a recommendation in the report on revenue models. pay per use (fixed v/s percentage), monthly subscriptions, annual license, etc. "" "	Business"m presto, mark dana davis, robert benson, rogers herndon, fletcher j sturm cc: henry terech, stan jablonski, nina garcia subject: ecs tour - today x-sdoc: x-zlid: please plan to meet stan jablonski in the plaza this afternoon at p.m. today, may suzanne and i will come by with the hardhats and safety glasses while you are waiting in the plaza. thank you. "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutral" - - - doug ward, - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - subject: luke hits months x-sdoc: x-zlid: hi everyone, i know that there is a whole bunch of you on the receiving end of this email and we haven't seen or spoken to some in quite awhile but know this -- we are thinking of you and your families!! our little (big?) luke turned months today so i thought i would share some photos with all of you. although we have been guilty of not staying in touch, i hope that the attached photos will allow us to somewhat catch up with you. it is certainly all about luke on this end of the line. he is happy, healthy and so is mom and dad. here is hoping that all is well on your end. we hope to see everyone soon again some day but until then we wish everyone all the best! love, todd, rena, and luke - - "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"griffith, john huan, george maggi, mike may, larry mckinney, hal mclaughlin jr., errol quigley, dutch riordan, sean taylor, joey thibaut, dan subject: trv notification: (ng - price p/l - x-sdoc: x-zlid: the report named: ng - price p/l published as of is now available for viewing on the website. "" "	Neutral" i am working on getting the bowie contract. meanwhile, i spoke to the b & j attorney. he asked if enron wanted to continue to buy the gas. i told him that his client should contact you directly so that you guys could discuss price. stacy james t am to: stacy e cc: subject: contract bowie, inc. left me this e-mail this morning. he would like to have a copy of his gas purchase agreement. per bowie, the contract number might be thanks jim "" "	Business" i will be out of the office december through december if you need immediate assistance, please contact renee pena "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"briefing from: brennan lorna to: barker courtney mcgowan mike w. chavez gabriel dickerson steve v dowd stephen gadd eric gelin elberg gonzalez martin hyatt kevin junus david lee jebong millar john ratner michael hass glen loeffler michael stanton lon wilson rob dushinske john fowler bill miller kent neubauer dave neville sue williams jo barry mike berg vicki bolks sean bollinger joni bowers janet branney theresa buehler craig burleson bob cabrera reyna halpin tom herber stephen janousek martha johanson tim lagerstrom karen lantefield laura mason robert mccarran penny mercaldo vernon oldenhuis frank pavlou larry penkava loren pritchard john riehm richard roobaert preston sebesta chris semin frank stage michael g. stevens bob strohmeyer vincent swett larry thomas steve threet kay valley lisa weller steve wilkinson chuck cohrs allen fiscus john gilbert steve jones dana joyce jane korbelik stephanie powell don powers ken harris steven donoho lindy goradia pallavi lindberg lorraine lohman tk lokay michelle mcconnell mark moore jan watson kimberly y'barbo paul x-sdoc: x-zlid: note: cera's monthly briefing document on natural gas. lb if you are not registered with cera, follow the instructions below to register: go to www.eprofile.cera.com look for buttom called open new account; click on it. id enron password ravencall it will then prompt you to change your password, etc. after you have registered you use this site: www.cera.com you can get into their general site and into client services. we have paid for all of the retainer services and some of the specific studies. "" "	Neutral" as you know, the enron management conference will be held wednesday through friday, november at the westin la cantera resort in san antonio, texas. this has been an eventful and challenging year for enron. now, more than ever, it is fitting to bring enron's leaders together. after all, it is up to our management team to lead our company through these challenging times. together, we will define enron's character and determine enron's destiny. we have a great program planned for this year's conference. i'm delighted that general norman schwarzkopf will join us as a keynote speaker on leadership. i'm equally pleased to welcome back gary hamel, who will help us process the past year and prepare for future success. as i've said before, we are a company that continues to look to the future, and there are many exciting things in store for us. i look forward to seeing you at this very important meeting. regards, ken lay note: this year, registration for the management conference will be conducted electronically. below is a link to the online registration website along with instructions for navigating the site. everyone must register by friday, november http://www.mplanners.com/enron when you access the management conference online registration website, enter your email address and password (password: enron) in the specified boxes. the first time you access the site, you will be prompted to enter your first name and last name. once completed, click submit. on the next page, click sign up now to register. you will be prompted to enter your basic information and make selections for your hotel room, travel and preferred activity. in the scroll box to the right, you can review and print the conference agenda, a list of activities, as well as travel arrangements and other general information. after you have entered the necessary information, you can review your registration or simply log out. your registration information will be automatically submitted. once registered, you can reaccess the site at any time to review or change previous elections. when reentering the site, you only need to enter your email address and password. if you experience any problems accessing the site, please contact marge nadasky at "" "	Business"francisco x-sdoc: x-zlid: you have many questions about how the bankruptcy will affect you personally. the hr team is endeavoring to answer these questions. due to simple logistics, answering each question individually is very difficult. we are working to solve this issue by compiling answers to the important questions concerning employee benefits, expense payments and so on. answers to the most frequently-asked questions will be posted on the corporate website at www.enron.com. click on information for enron alumni affected by chapter filing . these q&a facts are regularly updated as soon as accurate and factual information is received. in addition, we will have updates on (option if you have questions that have not been answered, please submit them to the following email address: a team of people will be answering these questions and posting answers on the above sites as soon as possible. the hr team will also be posting initial q&a's within the next few days on www.home.enron.com for our current, retained employees. thank you for your patience as we work through the complexities of the situation. julie kearney "" "	Businessyes thanks 	Neutral"december from: enron general announcements to: dl-ga-all_enron_houston_employees x-sdoc: x-zlid: enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive metro bus passes or woodlands express passes. you may pick up a bus pass from the parking & transportation desk, on level of the enron building, from am to pm. all metro passes offered through the enron parking & transportation desk will be the metro day zone pass. when you use a zone pass, bus service is divided into four zones w/ unlimited rides. the zone pass is time activated, which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until days after it was used for the first time. new passes will be available to enron employees upon expiration of the day time period. each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels. this is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher-cost zone than the zone pass they have, in this case the difference must be paid in cash. if they are traveling in a lower cost zone, then there is no extra cost. parking & transportation desk "" "	Businessthanks for your note. i think it is easiest to contact julia murray and lance schuler. please call me at any time. mark 	Business" not much, just trying to stay out of trouble......not too long, not too short,not too big ,not too small.......the every day battles with everyone else.....other than that, we just bought a new house yesterday blocks from knock.....he doesn't know yet).....burrrrr it's getting cold here ....(avg temp of in jan feb ) you married or still in play' ? .......gotta hop....say hi to the boys..... later, the qqqqqqqqqqqq "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" ann, here's the item for the weekly staff notes: transwestern pipeline company richardson products co.: transwestern has not received payment for the outstanding invoice for november in the amount of approximately from richardson products co., which has stated that it is withholding payment on the basis that it seeks to recover from transwestern "" "	Business" all, clarification on new findings statements below: trading minute and trade interval are the same thing. so, -- if an exception occurs at trading minute level, the volume usage at trade hour level is used to do pro-rata -- if an exception occurs at trading hour level, the volume usage at trade date level is used to do pro-rata caroline (embedded enron capital & trade resources corp. image moved to file: from: xiaoming ding pm to: enron vms cc: subject: status of hi, * settlement tag related change in vmsinterface com and vms_context * estimation com integrated into settlement process * discuss allocation rule with tj * allocation result storing into db (task # new findings with deviation allocation -- if an exception occurs at trading minute level, the volume usage at trade interval level is used to do pro-rata -- if an exception occurs at trading interval level, the volume usage at trade date level is used to do pro-rata todo: * exception detecting design review with anna ( new task as on last status report) * allocation result storing into db (task # xiaoming ding - "" "	Business" mo, hey, glad to know you are recovering swiftly from friday nights festivities. i think i just might have finally kicked my hangover. joe said he woke up early saturday morning to find me passed out in my clothes face down on the couch with the cat snuggling up against me. as exhausted as i was, i had to meet keith at the office sat. and then went to a party sat night where some asshole at the party backed into my car and didn't even come in and tell me! now i have to play detective to find out who did it. anyway, i had a great time hanging out friday night and i'm glad you did too. hope to see you around soon. give me a call if you're going to be around anytime. mat "" "	Personal" to: ted murphy from: coralie evans department: ect-europe subject: risk management trading policy violation date: may please note the occurrence of risk management trading policy violations with respect to the continental power loss limit, as of business day may occurrence: the book reported a loss of as at close of business day may the loss limit is currently of the var limit of being justification: loss limit violation the loss was primarily due to delta the german curve fell by primarily in the prompt month, against a net long position of twh, and the dutch curve rose by in and in against a net short position of twh. a further of the loss was due to pmas. these were caused by historic trade booking errors, primarily in the spanish book. approval: gregor baumerich director, continental power trading james new director, trading support john sherriff cassandra schulz michael brown shona wilson greg whalley chris abel david port beth apollo rick buy sally beck ted murphy risk management trading policy violation page your personal best makes enron best communicate- facts are friendly better, faster, simpler form interoffice memorandum your personal best makes enron best communicate- facts are friendly better, faster, simpler form "" "	Business" chris, the firm schedules referred to are those currently in place on the firm gathering agreement. the latest amendments were dated september i only have hard copies, but can fax them to you. lori should have a copy of the amendments. also attached is the capacity allocation and expansion agreement most current changes redlined against the original. chris hoekenga am please respond to choekenga to: cc: subject: re: ... no subject ... gerald, in reviewing the changes i need to see what the firm schedules are. this looks like it is new and is apparently part of the firm gathering agreements. also, would it be possible to get a red-line version of the documents that compares these latest changes with the originally executed documents as i think some of the interim changes have been absorbed already. give me a call if you need any clarification. ---------- original text ---------- from: gerald nemec on pm: attached are the latest revised redlined documents for lost creek. please note the following: the changes include those that chris and i discussed in denver. the capacity allocation agreement is redlined against the version br had reviewed earlier. all other docs. are redlined against the originals. due to the credit agreement structure, portions of the natural gas fuel liquidation concept were placed into the administrative services agreement. this was done in order to allow that portion of the natural gas fuel value which covers the power bill to be included in the debt service coverage ratio calcs in the credit agreement. the remainder of the natural gas fuel will be distributed under the capacity allocation agreement to avoid the inclusive of these excess amounts in any distribution tests under the credit agreement. since more significant changes were made to the admin. services agreement, it is now being amended and restated. dean, have you resolved the accounting questions you raised this past monday? (see attached file: amended and restated admin(red).doc)(see attached file: amended and restated capallexp attached file: amended and restated llc "" "	Business"transwestern pipeline company new supply and market access points december in the past year, transwestern has completed several important interconnect projects aimed at enhancing shipper access to new supplies and markets on its pipeline system. firm receipt capacity at pipeline interconnects will be increased by mmbtu/d. also, mmbtu/d of incremental supply has been connected to transwestern. in addition to improvements in its supply liquidity, transwestern has enhanced market opportunities through the addition of three new incremental gas markets. the southwest gas interconnect is currently in-service offering mmbtu/d of new access to markets in the las vegas area. in early transwestern's interconnects with two recently constructed power plants will offer an incremental market opportunity for another mmbtu/d. following is a detailed description of these new supply and market prospects: new market access sgtc/mohave (poi # new mmbtu/d delivery interconnect with southwest gas transmission company located in the west of thoreau area. status: in-service. citizens/griffith energy (poi # new mmbtu/d delivery interconnect with citizens arizona gas for deliveries to the griffith energy power plant located near kingman in the west of thoreau area. status: projected in-service quarter, calpine/south point (poi # new mmbtu/d delivery interconnect with calpine located near kingman in the west of thoreau area. status: projected in-service quarter, new supply access ngpl/winkler (poi # new mmbtu/d receipt interconnect with natural gas pipeline company located in the east of thoreau area. status: in-service. eog/pronghorn (poi # new wellhead supply interconnect with eog resources located in the east of thoreau area. current supply of mmbtu/d will increase to more than mmbtu/d. status: in-service. el paso/eddy (poi # new mmbtu/d receipt interconnect with el paso field services located in the east of thoreau area. status: projected in-service january, red cedar/arkansas loop (poi # increase receipt capacity of existing interconnect with red cedar gathering from mmbtu/d to mmbtu/d. point is located south of la plata in the san juan area. status: projected in-service december, red cedar/la plata (poi not yet assigned). new mmbtu/d receipt interconnect with red cedar gathering located south of la plata in the san juan area. status: projected in-service march, transwestern is committed to enhancing transportation opportunities on its system. please contact us with any questions regarding this notice or to discuss your gas transportation needs. jeff fawcett lorraine lindberg michelle lokay christine stokes kevin hyatt tk lohman "" "	Business"houston Š—”the tradersnews entergy/spp index for the average of trades for feb. on-peak hours is above the previous index. entergy/spp hourly deals on-peak for hour ending: weighted avg. price low high tot vol (mw) avg. $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ Š—– $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ Š—– $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ Š—– $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ Š—– $ $ $ $ weighted average for the dayŠ—Ès total of on-peak hours: $ on feb. there were no trades reported for peak hours and if there are no trades reported for any given hour, indicative pricing is denoted in orange, above. indicative pricing for this index is derived from the tightest bid/ask spreads for each hour, with both the bids and the offers coming from separate counterparties. the table above lists the range and weighted average price of trading done for each hour. the weighted average index for the day factors in the volume done for each on-peak hour that actually traded; no weight is given to hours that reflect indicative prices. these prices reflect deliveries into and through the entergy hub, and into spp. all times are central prevailing time (cpt). end comments or questions? e-mail suzanna strangmeier at or call her at http://www.tradersnewspower.com tradersnews energyŠÜ¢ is a service of internet publishing group, inc. "" "	Business" =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= shop at the dictionary.com store! t-shirts, hats, mugs, and more. featuring doctor dictionary. click here: http://www.dictionary.com/store/index.html?wotd <a href=http://www.dictionary.com/store/index.html?wotd> aol users click here =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= word of the day for wednesday october idyll \eye-dl\, noun: a simple descriptive work, either in poetry or prose, dealing with simple, rustic life; pastoral scenes; and the like. a narrative poem treating an epic, romantic, or tragic theme. a lighthearted carefree episode or experience. a romantic interlude. sheep are not the docile, pleasant creatures of the pastoral idyll. any countryman will tell you that. they are sly, occasionally vicious, pathologically stupid. --joanne harris, from too much looking back, he was destroyed,... trying to re-create an idyll that never truly existed except in his own imagination. --gore vidal, essential gore vidal [s]he kept a diary that poignantly captured the sense of youthful gaiety shattered by events suddenly intruding on their teenage idyll. --james t. fisher, dr. america: the lives of thomas a. dooley, the guevaras' honeymoon idyll, such as it was, did not last long. --jon lee anderson, guevara: a revolutionary life _________________________________________________________ idyll ultimately derives from greek eidullion, a short descriptive poem (usually on pastoral subjects); an idyll, from eidos, that which is seen; form; shape; figure. the adjective form is idyllic. references _._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._ you are currently subscribed to dictionary.com word of the day as: to subscribe to the list by email, send a blank message to: to unsubscribe via email, send a blank message to: subscriptions can be turned on and off from the web at http://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/list/ dictionary.com word of the day http://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/ (c) lexico llc. "" "	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Businessattachment paso enron guaranty not found! 	Neutral"dan (cgt mgr) lindh frank (law) bellenger geoffrey golden patrick (law) litteneker randall (law) stoner ronald frank steven (law) berkovitz trista subject: reply brief of pg&e x-sdoc: x-zlid: attached is the reply brief of pacific gas and electric company filed today in “ stephanie louie secretary to edward kurz - reply-f.doc "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. variances detected. variances detected in energy import/export schedule. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final ---- energy import/export schedule ---- $$$ variance found in table tblintchg_impexp. details: (hour: / preferred: / final: trans_type: final sc_id: ectrt mkt_type: trans_date: tie_point: interchg_id: epmi_ciso_ernie engy_type: wheel 	Business"earnest, tony harris, greg martin, mark friedman, michael w morris subject: re: free agents x-sdoc: x-zlid: also, this year if you forget to turn in bye week replacements (for k or def) or replacements for players that are on a bye, you will have up til friday to make those pickups. we all have to work so i don't want to get people bothering me if you just heard some player became available. to take advantage of this you have to need a bye week replacement or not be able to field a team because you have too many players on a bye (you don't have qb or only wrs. if you have three wrs who can start but want another one because you don't like one of the ones that are able to start you will not be able to pick up any players after the thursday deadline. from: martin cuilla am to: william e gary jeffrey c gary w scott martin tony greg mark michael w cc: subject: free agents just a quick note about the free agent and bye week replacements for this year. the free agent draft will be held thursday at you will have until to submit your free agent requests to me at you should include who you want, who you want to drop and the amount of points you want to bid. you can bid points for a free agent however if someone bids point you will lose. in the case of a tying bid the two teams will have an open bid to determine who gets the player. everyone will start with points and you more points based on your weekly finish point for highest score and points for lowest score). "" "	Business" feb click to learn more... get shockwave.com favorites, vol. ii now! now you can get super-charged versions of of our best games, featuring bonus levels, new locations, level editors, and other exclusive features! download shockwave.com favorites, volume ii for just star wars fan film awards is the force with you? enter your film in the star wars fan film awards, a new contest from atomfilms and lucasfilm, with the winner selected by george lucas himself. enter now! click to learn more... photojam: valentine's day awaits want to give your sweetheart something special they'll always remember this valentine's day? create and send a romantic photojam greeting with your own images, words and music! don't delay, download today! magnurt so attractive about magnurt? could be the positive influence this brand-new game will have on your mental abilities as you maneuver a happy magnet across a landscape with danger on every side! play now! a-blast the hit game takes off with an all-new adventure! pilot a state-of-the-art attack craft through wave after wave of alien fighters in this spaced out arcade game! gears do everyday puzzle games grind you down? test your problem-solving mettle with gears! take this mechanical puzzler for a spin and see how long you can keep from thinking in circles. unsubscribe instructions: to unsubscribe from the shockwave.com newsletter, click here "" "	Business" i received a call from jill zively about our supply at mtr late friday night a portion of this gas will be delivered into midcon instead of hpl. the nomination into hpl for the through the rest of the month will be jill knew this would be happening, so they priced the deal at gas daily. i changed deal to reflect this change for saturday forward. since this is priced at gas daily, there will be no mark-to-market impact. we need to review the flows next week to see how much the volume changed and adjust if necessary. d "" "	Business"omnibus consent this omnibus consent (this Š—“consentŠ—) is entered into as of __________ ___, by bankboston, n.a., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Š—“administrative agentŠ—) for the secured parties (as defined in the credit agreement referred to below) and credit lyonnais new york branch (Š—“clŠ—). whereas, pursuant to the construction and term credit agreement (the Š—“credit agreementŠ—), dated as of april among fort union gas gathering, l.l.c. (the Š—“borrowerŠ—), each of the lenders that is or may from time to time become a party to the credit agreement (the Š—“banksŠ—), bankboston, n.a., as administrative agent for the banks, bancboston robertson stephens inc. and credit lyonnais new york branch, as co-arrangers, bancboston robertson stephens inc. as syndication agent, and credit lyonnais new york branch, as documentation agent, the banks agreed to extend credit to the borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the credit agreement; whereas, to induce the administrative agent and the banks to enter into the basic documents (as defined in the credit agreement), and to extend credit under the credit agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, enron corp., an oregon corporation (the Š—“guarantorŠ—) executed that certain sponsor guarantee (the Š—“sponsor guaranteeŠ—) dated as of april in favor of the administrative agent for the secured parties, as supplemented by guarantee supplement no. dated as of april (Š—“supplement no. guarantee supplement no. dated as of december (Š—“supplement no. and guarantee supplement no. dated as of december (Š—“supplement no. (the sponsor guarantee, as supplemented, by supplement no. and supplement no. collectively, the Š—“guaranteeŠ—); whereas, supplement no. has expired by its terms; whereas, to further induce the administrative agent and the banks to enter into the basic documents (as defined in the credit agreement), and to extend credit under the credit agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, enron north america corp., a delaware corporation (formerly known as enron capital & trade resources corp.) (the Š—“consenting partyŠ—) and the administrative agent entered into that certain consent to assignment (the Š—“consent to assignmentŠ—) dated as of april whereas, as of the date hereof consenting party has assigned the assigned agreement (as defined in the consent to assignment) to [_________________]. whereas, the guarantor desires to assign the guarantee to [_____________] (the Š—“assigneeŠ—) pursuant to section of the guarantee; whereas, bankboston, n.a. and credit lyonnais new york branch (collectively the Š—“majority banksŠ—) together hold at least of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the loans; whereas, guarantor has requested the administrative agent to consent to the above described assignment of the guarantor; and whereas, consenting party has requested the administrative agent to terminate the consent to assignment and release consenting party from any further obligations thereunder. now therefore, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the administrative agent and cl hereby agree as follows: the majority banks hereby direct the administrative agent to (i) consent to the assignment of the guarantee by the guarantor to the assignee on the terms and conditions set forth herein and (ii) terminate the consent to assignment and release and discharge the consenting party from further liability thereunder. the administrative agent hereby irrevocably consents to the assignment of the guarantee by the guarantor to the assignee and acknowledges that pursuant to section of the guarantee, the guarantor is hereby released and forever discharged from any obligations thereunder. the administrative agent and the majority banks agree to perform, execute and deliver or cause to be performed, executed and delivered any and all such further acts and assurances as may be necessary to consummate the actions contemplated in this consent. this consent shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the state of new york applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state. executed effective the date written above. administrative agent: bankboston, n.a. by: name: title: majority banks: bankboston, n.a. by: name: title: credit lyonnais new york branch by: name: title: "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral"andrew h. smith mathew ermis frank quigley dutch cc: lavorato john martin thomas a. neal scott shively hunter s. allen phillip k. grigsby mike fallon jim dimichele rich thapar raj solis melissa considine keith wilson shona x-sdoc: x-zlid: eric, jon, andy, matt, frank & dutch, you have been selected by lavorato to review and validate gas curves for your region from forward. you will soon receive an announcement about a meeting which will take place monday, february at am. at the meeting you will get instructions from representatives of price waterhouse coopers about the validation process and the timing. if you cannot make it, please get with lavorato to decide who should attend in your absence. if you have any questions, please ask. regards, ed "" "	Businessfull day url 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" i figured you might, well go for lunch "" "	Personaljeff mcmahon (yvette x-sdoc: x-zlid: 	Businessemailaddress 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"press release draft Š—– february p.m.) ubs warburg avenue of the americas new york, ny www.ubswarburg.com for immediate release ubs warburg energy announces launch of ubswenergy.com houston, february Š—– ubs warburg energy announced today that ubswenergy.com is now live and that customers may begin transacting via the site today. ubswenergy.com replaces enrononline and provides real-time bid and offer prices for north american natural gas and power products. physical gas and power products are expected to be added to the site in the second quarter. Š—“we are excited to launch ubswenergy.com and believe that the capabilities of ubs warburg energy, backed by the commitment and credit rating of ubs will provide a competitive and liquid energy market to our customers,Š— said greg whalley, managing director and head of ubs warburg energy. customers interested in transacting via the site can register by visiting ubsenergy.com. all transactions on the website are backed by the aa+ credit rating of ubs ag. ubs warburg has assumed none of enronŠ—Ès past, current or future liabilities or trading positions. ubs warburg energy is the north american electricity and natural gas trading business of ubs warburg. ubs warburg is the investment banking group of ubs ag (nyse: ubs), one of the largest financial services firms in the world with employees in more than countries. ubs warburg is a leader in equities, corporate finance, m&a advisory and financing, financial structuring, fixed income issuance and trading, foreign exchange, derivatives and risk management. inquiries: david p. walker of ubs "" "	Business" tom, amanda (the assistant for the fundy group) told me that the presentation is being moved to thurs from she hasn't had time to send an email, but it's good i got connections!!! ha! "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"lorraine lohman tk lokay michelle mcconnell mark robertson audrey watson kimberly y'barbo paul x-sdoc: x-zlid: please see work station list below. adr new loc phone location name steve harris audrey robertson lindy donoho kim watson tk lohman lorraine lindberg michelle lokay mark mcconnell paul e y'barbo jan moore james centilli phone* lawyer phone* finacial assistant "" "	Business" intercontinentalexchange firm power price bulletin for power delivered on wednesday, october (trade date of tuesday, october click here to access index history . * volume represents sell-side only * hub high low wtd avg index change ($) vol (mwh) cinergy + comed + entergy + nepool + pjm-west - + tva + includes all trades done from am to am central prevailing time on the trade date specified for financially firm power delivered during the on-peak hours am - pm cpt for eastern hubs / am - pm pacific prevailing time for western hubs) on the delivery date(s) specified. intercontinentalexchange is the world's most liquid trading platform for over-the-counter energy and metals. active markets include north american power and natural gas, global crude and refined oil products, and precious metals. traded instruments include forwards, swaps, and options. to become an exchange participant or inquire about the indices, please contact . this information is sent to you free of charge and may be redistributed in its entirety. republishing in any other form is prohibited. if this was forwarded by a friend and you would like to receive your own daily bulletin, click here to subscribe . to unsubscribe from this service, click here unsubscribe . Î©copyright intercontinentalexchange, inc. all rights reserved. "" "	Business" chris, i understand that virginia has been approached to head down to houston and meet with the settlements group. i would like to be part of that as well, if that is alright. there are still some things they do on their side that i would like to learn about, and i think that virginia and i could collaborate on a sharing of information meeting and both would get a lot out of it. let me know. i guess the date hasn't been settled, yet, but i am available pretty much any time in the next few weeks. c "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"peak off-peak region delivery date low high low high red numbers indicate flat, products. nw/n. rockies mid-columbia cob n. california midway/sylmar na na na na s. california mead palo verde inland sw central rockies "" "	Business" this is a copy of your message sent to --> testing my ability to receive emails' click the following link to view the sender's profile: the following is my profile text: hello, i'm a down to earth person that likes to laugh and have a good time. i work in downtown denver as a commodities trader for a large energy trading house. i do enjoy my career but understand life needs to be kept in prospective and be balanced. i enjoy activities over sitting and watching, but i have been known to sit in front of the tv and watch football or college basketball all day. i'm looking for someone who enjoys life and doesn't take themselves too seriously. "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"tomorrow from: crcommunications to: iso market participants x-sdoc: x-zlid: market participants and scheduling coordinators please be advised that a teleconference has been scheduled with the judge in the pg&e bankrupcy proceeding at tomorrow to address a subpoena issued april and circulated to market participants april (attached below for your convenience). questions regarding the call should be directed to marty courson (counsel for pg&e) at howard, rice, nemerovski, canady, falk & rabkin at jeanne m. sol’© regulatory counsel california iso ____________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________ the foregoing e-mail communication (together with any attachments thereto) is intended for the designated recipient(s) only. its terms may be confidential and protected by attorney/client privilege or other applicable privileges. unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this message is strictly prohibited. - usbcsubp.pdf "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" alert! you are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your ipayit in-box that is past due. it is critical that you login to ipayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice. remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time. tip!: you must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user. you are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your ipayit in-box that is past due. please login to ipayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible. to launch ipayit, click on the link below: http://ipayit.enron.com note: your ipayit user id and password are your ehronline/sap personnel id and password. first time ipayit user? for training materials, click on the link below: need help? please contact the isc call center at if you are in europe, please contact european accounts payable at "" "	Business" mom & dad: lance sticksel lives in l.a. his # is phone # if you have any questions about anything call him he will help. "" "	Personal" the meters in question are : mtrs and are shrinkage and condensate meters. volumes are split among hplr liquids and hplc, with the majority going to liquids. mtr is a gas loss meter. volume should be allocated to our operational contract. mtrs and should be allocated to liquids. you can see these allocations by viewing prior months in pops. on monday afternoon, clem cernosek will verify the above transactions and expain the split between parties at and d mandy mackinnon am to: daren j cc: stella l jackie pat stacey ami subject: re: / king ranch / hplr liquids i have identified the additional hplc wellhead purchases and have made corrections to the interconnect tickets accordingly. jackie is still having difficulty identifying all the wellhead purchase. we feel there are at least meters flowing a total of appox. a day that are not showing up on a hplc purchase or a hplr transport. i believe she has given you this information and will await instructions or for the purchases to be input reflecting the proper enron entity purchasing these volumes. we have worked very hard on this issue and i apologize that it has not yet been entirely corrected. "" "	Neutral" hi everyone, check this out! here's business week's online article about students in part-time mba programs. our own deepika shah is featured! cheers, diane "" "	Personal" that's so weird, i'm been running around the office all day today yelling; we're done, we're done. but only for a different reason. do you want your old job back? congrat's on school. come down here and buy us a drink! "" "	Personal"anne c koehler, stephanie panus, francisco pinto leite, sara shackleton, carol st clair, mark taylor, frank sayre, angela davis, suzanne adams, kaye ellis, taffy milligan, becky spencer, carolyn george, janette mark e subject: mark taylor - out of office today x-sdoc: x-zlid: mark taylor is at enw's management offsite at the houstonian today, wednesday, may he may be reached through his pager numerically at or you may leave an email message at the houstonian phone number is the group is meeting in the cottonwood room. thank you, holly keiser enron americas legal department - eb (ph) (fx) "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutral" ----- forwarded by rob walls/na/enron on am ----- bruce sent by: wendi pm to: rob cc: subject: re: rob: i'm having trouble accessing my email but here is the latest. there are more newspaper articles which make me believe that gom's position is hardening on reviewing the project. i met with two of our outside lawyers today. atul recommended that we review the possibility of a challenge based on unconscionability or void as against public policy. the lawyers are universally pretty pessimistic regarding the possibility of a satisfactory outcome for enron. i'm meeting with the rest of our india lawyers tomorrow, including robert mathis. bruce from: rob on pm to: bruce cc: subject: update? "" "	Business"shanna carter tamara collins joann erwin stephanie garcia clarissa gillespie steve halstead lia homco meredith loocke kelly loving scott ordway chris pritchard michael prudenti dan ramirez robert sanchez christina wood tracy cc: superty robert hall bob m kinsey lisa sullivan patti smith george f. pinion richard jaquet tammy farmer daren j. greif donna ames chuck brawner sandra f. germany chris goodell scott hodge john keavey peter f. mckay brad mckay jonathan neal scott pereira susan w. pimenov vladi ring andrea savvas leonidas smith maureen taylor craig townsend judy versen victoria vickers frank x-sdoc: x-zlid: all, a fix to prevent the occurrence of deals not bridging to sitara from eol when deal start and end dates were not entered on eol has been installed and tested.thanks "" "	Businessfascinating. i'd like to work at getting a piece 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personaltitle: monthly gas briefing: another fall tradition url(s): 	Business" hello steve harris, call us within the next days and receive a free lens care kit with your next order! when you place your order of or more with us, you can get a free ciba vision solo care kit. to claim your free gift with your next order, simply call us at mention your customer number and your special offer code sck when you place your order. but you've got to act fast - this free kit offer ends please remember that this special offer is available over the phone. order while quantities last. remember, lens express guarantees your complete satisfaction or your money back! --thank you from lens express "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business- 	Business" e n r o n g l o b a l m a r k e t s - h o t l i s t deals identified results based on activity through october fourth quarter first quarter second quarter third quarter total liquids deal value deal value deal value deal value talisman crude dow / tosco fu bao enron global risk markets peerless subtotal $ subtotal $ subtotal $ - subtotal $ total $ coal origination & finance deal value deal value deal value deal value synfuel - aig synfuel - pacificorp cline-panther cms british energy - uk dpr jupiter / eagle energy aes - uk bewag - germany m&g uk coellerici rr marketing jv - usa - project springbok drs etol-uk env - germany subtotal $ subtotal $ subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ emissions deal value deal value deal value deal value subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ - weather deal value deal value deal value deal value smud harvard fund washington gas conoco propane energy west griffin ipc cornerstone subtotal $ subtotal $ subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ global risk markets deal value deal value deal value deal value project mi - project taft project mensa subtotal $ subtotal $ - subtotal $ subtotal $ - total $ transportation deal value deal value deal value deal value subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ - lng deal value deal value deal value deal value subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ - middle east deal value deal value deal value deal value subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ - puerto rico deal value deal value deal value deal value subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - subtotal $ - total $ - totals $ totals $ totals $ totals $ totals $ "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" dear usibc members and affiliates, we are in the process of improving the content and usability of our daily news updates.“ if you would prefer not to receive these messages in the future, please respond to this e-mail address with the word unsubscribe in the text, and your name will be immediately removed from this list.“ comments and suggestions as we continue our improvement process may also be sent to this address. ==================================== + the reserve bank of india (rbi) has forecasted slower-than-expected economic growth and left lending rates unchanged in its half-yearly report. + international rating agency standard & poor's downgraded the rating outlook on india's long-term foreign currency credit from positive to stable. + allstate international has decided to withdraw from its proposed life insurance venture with dabur india. usibc daily news october agro/patents/pharma october the indian government is expected to clear trading in sugar futures by march financial express october india could emerge as a leading supplier of fine chemicals to the global market with locally available raw material and production facilities according to mr. derrick samuel, managing director, colgate palmolive india. he said this while inaugurating the expanded facility of kumar organic products in bangalore. kumar organic products is the sole supplier of triclosan, an anti-bacterial agent for colgate's entire oral care product range. the hindu <http://www.hinduonline.com/> “ broadcasting/entertainment october star tv is targeting advertising sales revenue of rs crore million) and a subscription income of rs crore million) in the financial year ending in june the start tv network expects to earn total revenues of rs crore million) in this year, almost double of last year's revenues. the total investment in star tv's india operations will increase to million by the end of financial express < http://www.financialexpress.com/> october us-based telecruz technologies announced a million investment in research and development related to software/hardware at its new facility in hyderabad. it also announced a strategic alliance with videocon international to provide technology and software for manufacturing internet tvs and set top boxes in india. the economic times “ communications october ut starcom, a u.s.-based telecom company, has entered into an agreement with himachal futuristic communications ltd. (hfcl) to manufacture broadband access equipment in india. the joint venture will also market broadband wireless equipment in india and abroad.““ the economic times “ economic/general news october the reserve bank of india (rbi) has forecasted slower-than-expected economic growth and left lending rates unchanged in its half-yearly report. the rbi governor said economic growth in the fiscal year ending march was likely to be closer to instead of earlier projections of up to he said the slowdown was partly because of the floods that devastated sections of india -- most recently in west bengal. inflation also rose by more than a trend attributed to the substantial rises in international oil prices in the past year. bbc world service < october international rating agency standard & poor's downgraded its outlook on india's long-term foreign currency credit rating from positive to stable. standard & poor had earlier upgraded india's rating to stable in march the rating agency expressed concern over the impact of higher oil prices on the government's fiscal deficit, given the system of subsidizing certain petroleum products. in addition, moody's may also review their positive rating soon. the economic times < http://www.economictimes.com/> october india's tax receipts jumped percent year-on-year in april-september powered by a surge in direct tax collection, government data showed on wednesday.“ tax revenues, particularly direct taxes, have risen largely because of improvement in the tax collection and administration structure.“ reuters energy october the a.v. birla group will invest in dakshin bharat energy, an lng-cum-power project at ennore in tamil nadu. almost two years ago the a.v birla group formed a consortium along with cms energy, unocal, woodside development and siemens for setting up a million ton lng based power project and a mw power project. the consortium also has an agreement with rasgas for supply of lng for the project. business standard“ < http://www.business-standard.com> financial: trade & investment october india's marine exports grew during the period from april to july this year compared to annual growth last year. this is mainly due to increased demand from all major markets including japan, europe and us. the economic times <http://www.economictimes.com/> october royal phillips electronics nv (phillips) of netherlands has decided to increase its stake in phillips india from to through an open offer. the times of india <http://www.timesofindia.com/> information technology october general electric has acquired the software division of citadel healthcare informatics ltd. that has developed a full-fledged enterprise resource planning (erp) for healthcare and medical insurance. the economic times <http://www.economictimes.com/> “ insurance and finance october allstate international has decided to withdraw from its proposed life insurance venture with dabur india - dabur-allstate alliance india. allstate international withdrew due to a change in its international business strategy. business standard <http://www.business-standard.com/> “ political/international october former indian prime minister p.v.narasimha rao was convicted in the jharkhand mukti morcha (jmm) bribery case and will file his appeal in the superior court. the special court is likely to announce its verdict today. the times of india <http://www.timesofindia.com/> sanctions transportation/infrastructure october the second unit of the suratgarh thermal power plant in rajasthan will be commissioned this week, making it the first super thermal power station in the state. the final capacity of the plant is likely to be mw after the installation of four units in two stages by the end of the hindu online <http://www.hinduonline.com/> october powergen plc, a major uk-based power generation corporation, has acquired an additional stake in gujarat powergen energy corporation (gpec) for million. this follows the decision of siemens project ventures to sell their stake in gpec. powergen plans to double the capacity at gpec to mw from the present mw. business standard < http://www.business-standard.com/> ============================================================================== = the usibc daily news is a free service of the u.s.-india business council to usibc members and affiliates. usibc provides internet links to news stories for informational purposes only, and makes no representation of the accuracy of information posted on other organizations' websites.“ to add or remove your name from this list, or with questions or comments, please contact usibc via e-mail at u.s.-india business council website: <http://www.usibc.com> h street nw washington dc phone fax west coast ninth avenue, suite san mateo, ca phone xt. fax "" "	Business"sandra mccubbin, mona l petrochko, susan j mara, cynthia sandherr, joe hartsoe subject: ms feintsein and california x-sdoc: x-zlid: greetings linda: let me open by saying welcome, and by apologizing for the fact that california has probably made your first days on the job a bit crazy. just wanted to pass along some info. i'm sure you've seen senator feinstein's comments to ferc. and i think you're aware that she held a meeting in california with a group of stakeholders (including davis staff) on the day before ferc's recent workshop at which steve testified. she stated at the meeting that she is thinking seriously about sponsoring legislation to place a price cap on the entire wscc market. economists in the room expressed their strong misgivings about caps, but feinstein seemed fairly focused on at least sponsoring some sort of legislation. not sure where it will go, but wanted to pass it along. best, jeff "" "	Business" attached is the pseg mtm. i show a value of for the jan. forward deals, as of last night. thanks, errol "" "	Business" john, please find the expiration schedule below for the eol coal nymex monthly products. please call with any questions. -chad pennix ext. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business[internetshortcut] url=# 	Neutral" i'm now trained to avoid harrassment. actually it wasn't as bad as i thought it'd be...not that it was exactly interesting, but it could have been much worse. i was going to leave, but i just found out that laura's in houston. not only is she in houston, she's in a conference room on this floor. i keep peeking in the window to see if she's still in there. i'm just hanging around now hoping to get a chance to talk to her. talk to ya later. "" "	Personal" calendar entry: appointment description: tms weekly mtg. conference room date: time: pm - pm (central standard time) chairperson: outlook migration team detailed description: "" "	Business"r. crane, bob dimitry, dirk rickard, craig robinson, richard t. subject: fw: market pulp prices continue to fall; goldman sachs high yield research; x-sdoc: x-zlid: pulp prices on the fall again... "" "	Business" if you have problems or, if you really would like a different version, let me know. just respond to this note or call me at if you prefer a printed copy or a non-graphic version, let me know that too. "" "	Business" from: iso iso cancelled stage electrical emergency, in effect since effective for more information contact: pdt --------------------------------------------------------- to update or terminate your subscription to this email service visit our webpage at http://www.incident.com/edismail.html. edis is operated by the governor's office of emergency services, state of california. this email relay is offered by incident.com as a public service. because of the complexity of this system and its dependence on other systems, we cannot be responsible for delays or failures in transmission. --------------------------------------------------------- "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutralthanks for the heads up!!! 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Personalattachment not found! 	Neutralyour on .........big boy....... we'll be there..... how 'bout john knock at el paso? he worked with us at aquila ....he knows your woman........ 	Personal"forecast and climate data for enron canada date: temperature date maximum minimum mean climate heating degree d. Îçc Îçc Îçc (t) mean calgary thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may edmonton thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may vancouver thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may toronto thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may notes: climatological day = mst to mst *** not for redistribution*** "" "	Business" incest at its finest you have never seen a family like this one mother/son, daughter/father/, grandfather/granddaughter click on the link to access incest porno instantly.click here important! please notice, the specific of this web site is that all individuals filmed or depicted are not younger than years of age. due to this fact close relatives stands out from other sites of similar content. if you wish to be removed from this mailing list, just click here . "" "	Personal" ^football commissioner save speak no evil, hear no evil monkey bikes... one of the hottest gifts for holiday just enter the coupon code in the checkout process to receive your discount. offer expires november want to win your fantasy league? our fantasy football guides are the source for strategy, player ratings, scouting reports, team reports, projections and more! a must have for beginners and fantasy veterans alike. special in season price going fast - click here! save a gallon on the gas that keeps your car's engine clean. click here to apply online. win a vip vegas vacation! or win cash! wanna be one of the first to own an xbox(tm)? it's as easy as going to a participating taco bell . click to find out how to play the win it before you can buy it xbox(tm) giveaway! find out how you can get a free satellite dish, with free boxes, free installation, free first month, and all the fox sports channels. a special offer for all sportsline fantasy league players! norton software suite retail value!) - free s & h! a powerful solution to protect your computer! this terrific suite of products from norton combines the world's utility suite with advanced tools for pc experts. fantasy football on live radio! be sure to tune into sportsline radio every friday at et for the fantasy advantage, the most informative and entertaining fantasy football show on the net! commissioner.com managing editor scott engel and featured expert michael fabiano have all the latest news and analysis for you, along with insights from beat writers and pro football insiders! enjoy a full hour of fantasy football talk every week! +--------------------------------------------------------------------------+ "" "	Neutral" carol st. clair eb (phone) (fax) ----- forwarded by carol st clair/hou/ect on am ----- am to: cc: subject: harry and david shipment acknowledgment dear carol stclair, thank you for ordering from harry and david. this e-mail is to let you know that the following item(s) shipped on order number: suzanne caver was shipped bear creek banquet via united states postal service please allow business days for delivery. lynne smith was shipped favorites basket via united states postal service please allow business days for delivery. mark taylor was shipped chocolate-lover's tower via united states postal service please allow business days for delivery. items may be shipped separately. this notice only reflects items which have shipped today. we hope we have the opportunity to help you shop again soon: www.harryanddavid.com to e-mail our customer service department: www.harryanddavid.com/orders.html "" "	Personal" this gives a little flavor of how we factor into the backbone capacity market. category: backbone, dwdm, enron communications description building a better backbone - and business plan : detail: by carol wilson, week september am pt the numbers are staggering: six major new national fiber-optic networks will come on line during the next two years at a cost of billion. those new networks are in addition to those already built and operated by the big three of long-distance: at&t, mci worldcom and sprint. thousands of miles of fiber-optic cable are being installed in ducts to which new fiber can be easily added by companies such as enron communications, frontier communications, ixc communications, level communications, qwest communications international and williams communications. and that's just a piece of the story. while competition in the backbone network business is booming, new technologies coming into the market will make it much easier to increase bandwidth available on any fiber-optic network tenfold or more. dense wavelength division multiplexing (dwdm) systems now exist to put data traffic onto different wavelengths on a single fiber-optic cable. technology exists today to enable each of those wavelengths to transport gigabits per second of data. within two years, that will reach gigabits per wavelength per second. in effect, the backbone of the internet is being rebuilt. the next step: recover all those costs of construction,'' says analyst peter bernstein at infonautics consulting. and that step may be more difficult than building the networks themselves.'' the combination of major new network construction and new technology for adding network capacity has led industry analysts and executives to predict a bandwidth glut that is likely to drive down prices in backbone transport of data much as the price of long-distance telephony has plummeted in the past few years. frontier communications admitted as much earlier this year when its second-quarter earnings weren't up to expectations. rather than a free fall in prices, however, expect the market to quickly find new ways to use bandwidth, both in terms of network-based applications and bigger backbone networks to support the rapidly growing field of faster access via digital subscriber line (dsl) and cable modems. the challenge for network operators is to create new business models that capitalize on something other than cheaper bandwidth. i think the danger isn't so much of a glut as a lack of planning for the backbone network that could cause some major problems, says claudia bacco, an analyst at telechoice who studies the development of dsl. once dsl starts selling as a volume service, it will very quickly increase the demand for bandwidth in the backbone. service providers need to have planned ahead. it's not surprising, then, to see a growing number of alliances between the new backbone builders and the competitive local exchange carriers (clecs) that have been building dsl networks in major markets across the u.s. qwest invested in both covad communications and rhythms netconnect-ions, for instance, and a third data clec, northpoint communications, includes enron, frontier and level among its strategic partners. that doesn't mean, however, that all of the companies investing billions in burying fiber-optic cable stand to reap rich rewards, cautions bernstein at infonautics. the problem isn't a glut of bandwidth, but a glut of service providers, he says. if everyone has the same business model and is going after the same customers, that's a problem. in addition, there are timing issues . . . if you build it, they will come - but not necessarily when you need them to. at least nine players have built or are building national fiber-optic backbone networks. these look very similar, says fred harris, director of network planning and design at sprint. there are generally three east-west routes and three or four north-south routes that everyone builds, he says. new york to san francisco, atlanta to los angeles, seattle to boston - everybody has fiber either in or near those corridors. in earlier network deployments, the fiber was buried, never to be exhumed. but today's fiber cables go into ducts, allowing fibers to be pulled out or slid in later. capacity can be added without any backhoes. today's newer fiber-optic cable, from companies such as corning and lucent technologies, is designed to support higher transmission speeds without the light dispersion problems that limited speeds or distances on other fiber-optic cables. dwdm technology and optical amplifiers, which boost the power of a laser's signal over a given wavelength, enable bandwidth to be added and allow signals to travel farther without the need for as many repeaters to boost signals along the way. eliminating repeaters in a long-distance network wrings out installation, maintenance and power costs. as harris points out, if every company building a national backbone has fibers along each major route, and each fiber can carry different wavelengths of light, that's more than different signals. today, most of those signals would be powered by synchronous optical network (sonet) gear, which operates at gigabits per second, but a growing number have moved up to gear that operates at gbps. both lucent and nortel networks have announced equipment that supports wavelengths on a single cable, and other vendors will have similar equipment within the next two years. also coming into the market by will be new sonet gear that quadruples the current transmission rates from gbps to gbps. mci worldcom is testing these systems, known as transmission systems, and expects to have one commercially available by early says rama nune, senior manager of optical and data network technology development. nune stresses, however, that what's more important than having all the bandwidth is knowing how to intelligently provision services over it and manage it. new models not surprisingly, most of the newer network operators have quickly moved to talking about services, not bandwidth. there are exceptions to this: enron is building a network that transmits internet protocol (ip)-based traffic directly over a fiber-optic network, with no intervening transport systems or protocols. but its network is built to provide backbone bandwidth for internet service providers and content providers, says stan hanks, vice president of research and technology at the company. at level falling backbone service prices would be good news, says spokesman david powers. we want to drive prices down by reducing the underlying cost of the network, he says. we think we can do it because we are building a green-field network that doesn't have the cost of legacy technology like circuit switches. most other network operators are looking to add services to their mix, including web hosting, to create a differentiated service. mci worldcom through its uunet subsidiary, frontier, qwest and others have announced web hosting services. greater bandwidth and lower prices also will enable new video services to be delivered over the internet, says vab goel, vice president of ip engineering and technology at qwest. one of the things qwest is doing is building its own access rings in major markets, goel says. we think this network will drive cost down and increase performance for value-added applications which can be delivered over an ip network. today, most video is compressed. with faster access speeds, you can watch tv shows over the internet. this becomes interesting when you talk about having access to any tv show broadcast anywhere around the globe. in addition to enabling new services, however, the sudden availability of bandwidth will dramatically change the way services are priced and sold. it's the next great challenge of the internet - deciding how you are going to bill customers and what they will be willing to pay for, analyst bernstein says. i'm not sure anyone knows yet. part of that challenge is matching a service that customers value with the need to recover the high costs of expanding a network. george gilder likes to say that bandwidth will be free - well, putting in channels of transmision] isn't free; it costs billions, sprint's harris says. and the same thing goes when you build up the local copper network to do dsl or cable modems. already, however, dsl prices are dropping to to per month for a consumer service that offers up to megabits per second. businesses still typically pay to per month for higher-speed services that offer the same bandwidth in both upload and download modes. that compares very favorably to the per month most companies paid for a line until the past two years. but with customers assuming bandwidth will be cheap, how will nine backbone network providers recover their billions in investment? i don't have a crystal ball, says nune at mci. with the access speeds going up - whether it be adsl [asymmetric dsl] or gigabit ethernet - we anticipate many rich applications to drive the bandwidth of our customers. providing those applications - or at least building into the network the right hooks for new services - is the best hope for building a new revenue base, harris agrees. there will still be room for charging higher rates as well for levels of reliability and transmission speeds, says qwest's goel, but those charges will likely be packaged as part of the application cost. in a world where everyone has access to the same technology, it will be the business issues that ultimately decide who succeeds at building - and sustaining - the backbone of the next internet. "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Neutral" when you buy from the imbalance(services for he please make sure that you buy from the correct zone(i.e. if finals have sp load dec'd then the buy from the imbalance in enpower needs to be in sp). day shift, assumed the iso would make a buy from np and for hours they dec'd sp load. even better if you know that you are going to buy from the imbalance then submit a schedule that is balanced, in this case they should have created a new load zone in sp under the services book and inserted a for he as always we don't want to buy from the imbalance but if all other options have been exhausted then at least submit your preferred zone to purchase from rather than leaving the iso to roll the dice and force balance you how ever they want. unless i have been informed incorrectly, we should be accounting for bloomberg fees as a fee rather than sticking it the price. this should make the sar and settlements just a little easier. "" "	Businessdear enron employees: i'm sorry to report that a third enron employee has died in the hospital as a result of injuries from yesterday's explosion and fire at teesside power station. to lose another employee is a devastating blow to all of us. a fourth employee remains in the hospital and is in stable condition. please keep these employees and their families in your thoughts and prayers. we will release their names as soon as all family members and relatives have been notified. i'm in the u.k. now and will be visiting with the employees and families who've been affected by this tragic accident. i will also visit the site and will meet with authorities in order to determine the cause of the explosion. i will keep you posted on any new developments. 	Business"table of contents Š—¢ about iep Š—¢ powerful ideas Š—” a report that addresses how california got into its current predicament, and what can be done to get out of it Š—¢ frequently asked questions Š—¢ glossary of terms Š—¢ appendix of charts itŠ—Ès a supply problem who powers california what san diego could have saved with long-term fixed price contracts "" "	Neutral" in response to the tragic events of september and due to popular demand, esource is offering a valuable country risk analysis for those monitoring global implications and risk due to recent developments in afghanistan, pakistan, and india. this report, prepared by the economist intelligence unit (eiu) and available through esource at no charge, contains the following information: Îà political background Îà country infrastructure Îà economic policy and sectors Îà trade to request a copy of this report logon to http://esource.enron.com/requestsearch.asp <http://esource.enron.com/requestsearch.asp> submit your request online by entering applicable employee data in the required fields and referencing eiu pakistan/afghanistan or eiu india in the describe request box. esource continues to provide additional country risk and analysis information from a variety of reputable sources including countrywatch.com and world markets country analysis & forecast, which can be accessed at http://esource.enron.com/ <http://esource.enron.com/> select the world from the right tool bar and then country reports. if you are not interested in receiving these messages in the future, please let us know, and we will kindly adjust our mailing list. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral"amendment no. to securities purchase agreement amendment no. to securities purchase agreement, dated as of _________ [__], (Š—“amendment no. by and among aes greystone, l.l.c., a delaware limited liability company (Š—“purchaserŠ—) and volunteer land development company, l.l.c. a delaware limited liability company (Š—“sellerŠ—) (purchaser and seller each hereinafter referred to as Š—“partyŠ— and collectively as the Š—“partiesŠ—). recitals whereas, purchaser and seller have entered into that certain securities purchase agreement, dated as of december (the Š—“spaŠ—) pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, seller has agreed to sell and purchaser has agreed to purchase the interests; and whereas, the parties desire to extend the expiration date thereunder and the terms for payment of the purchase price for the interests; and whereas, in connection therewith, the parties desire to amend the spa as set forth herein. now, therefore, in consideration of the foregoing premises and for other consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto each hereby agrees as follows: agreement capitalized terms. capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the spa. amendments. the spa is hereby amended as follows: section of the spa is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Š—“section purchase and sale of interests. subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the seller agrees to sell to the purchaser and the purchaser agrees to purchase from the seller the interests for a cash purchase price (Š—“purchase priceŠ—) as follows: in the event that the closing occurs prior to the expiration date and, as of the closing, seller has not achieved the development milestones, then the purchase price shall be equal to and purchaser shall pay seller two million four hundred thousand dollars (the accelerated closing payment) in accordance with section of this purchase agreement. the parties acknowledge and agree that (i) despite a closing prior to the expiration date, developer may continue its attempt to achieve the development milestones until the termination of the project development agreement and (ii) if payment by purchaser becomes due pursuant to sections and of the project development agreement and seller has received the accelerated closing payment, purchaser may deduct the amount of the accelerated closing payment from the additional compensation and bonus compensation payable to developer. notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary, purchaser's obligation to pay seller the purchase price shall survive the closing or termination of this purchase agreement. in all other cases, the purchase price shall be paid in accordance with section and shall be equal to (i) ten dollars in the event that the purchaser is obligated to pay any additional compensation, or (ii) two million five hundred thousand dollars in the event that purchaser is not obligated to pay any additional compensation.Š— section of the spa is hereby amended by adding the words Š—“except as provided in section at the beginning of the sole sentence therein and revising the word Š—“payment to Š—“paymentŠ—. schedule to the spa shall be amended by deleting the reference to Š—“may in the defined term Š—“expiration dateŠ— and replacing such reference with Š—“august schedule to the spa shall be amended by inserting a new defined term following the term base configuration information as follows: Š—“bonus compensationŠ— has the meaning provided therefor in section of the project development agreement. schedule to the spa shall be amended by inserting a new defined term following the term aaa as follows: Š—“accelerated closing paymentŠ— has the meaning provided therefor in section of the purchase agreement. representations, warranties and covenants of purchaser. purchaser hereby represents, warrants and covenants that: company action. it has all necessary company power and authority to execute and deliver this amendment no. the execution and delivery of this amendment no. has been duly authorized by all necessary company action on its part; and this amendment no. has been duly and validly executed and delivered by purchaser and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms; and approvals. no approvals are required from any governmental authority for the execution and delivery by purchaser of this amendment no. or for the validity or enforceability thereof. representations, warranties and covenants of seller. seller hereby represents, warrants and covenants that: company action. it has all necessary company power and authority to execute and deliver this amendment no. the execution and delivery of this amendment no. have been duly authorized by all necessary company action on its part; and this amendment no. has been duly and validly executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms; and approvals. no approvals are required from any governmental authority for the execution and delivery by it of this amendment no. or for the validity or enforceability thereof. binding effect. this amendment no. shall become effective when it shall have been executed by both of the parties and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns. miscellaneous. governing law; consent to jurisdiction. this amendment no. shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the state of new york without regard to conflict of law principles. headings. headings in this amendment no. are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this amendment no. for any other purpose. counterparts. this amendment no. may be executed in any number of counterparts, which when so executed and delivered shall constitute one and the same instrument. effectiveness and effect. the parties hereto agree that the spa, as amended hereby, is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and is hereby ratified and confirmed. upon the due execution and delivery of this amendment no. by the parties, on and after the date hereof, each reference in the spa to Š—“this agreementŠ—, Š—“hereunderŠ—, Š—“hereinŠ— and words of like import referring to the spa shall mean and be a reference to the spa as amended hereby. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] in witness whereof, each party hereto has caused this amendment no. to be executed by its authorized representative as of the date first written above. aes greystone, l.l.c. by: name: title: volunteer land development company, l.l.c. by: name: title: "" "	Business"sandra f. germany chris hodge john keavey peter f. mckay brad mckay jonathan pereira susan w. pimenov vladi ring andrea savvas leonidas townsend judy versen victoria x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Business"april storage transactions facility desk gross volume fuel net volume desk price desk premium total desk price total desk value storage book number tagg ticket number date entered transport fee injection fee withdrawal fee reservation fee other demand charge total storage value total storage price bammel east bammel central bammel texas bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel texas if-hsc bammel total east s-xxxx if-transco east total centana texas if-hsc centana total hattiesburg east if-transco hattiesburg east s-xxx if-transco hattiesburg total nap-east east nap-east east nap-east east s-xxx nap-east total napoleonville lrc s-xxx if-henryhub napoleonville total michcon canada michcon canada michcon canada michcon total montana nwest if-cig rockies montana nwest montana nwest montana total ngpl central ngpl central ngpl central ngpl total nigas central ngi- ill city gate/ngpl nigas central nigas central nigas total bistineau east bistineau east bistineau east bistineau total noram central noram total pg&e west ngi pge malin pg&e west pg&e west pg&e total sd g & e west sd g & e total socal west ngi socal socal west socal west socal west socal total spindletop texas spindletop total transco gss neast transco gss total total storage "" "	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Neutral" enron in action can be accessed through the new community relations web site at http://cr.enron.com/eia.html . in this week's issue you will find out information regarding: enron happenings sponsor a child - win a ticket to cirqie du solei enron volunteer opportunities saint nicholas needs your help! nutcracker volunteer opportunity camp noah - daycamp for children recovering from disaster thanksgiving volunteer opportunity enron wellness holiday fashion show & luncheon weight watchers in addition, enron in action is available through a channel on my.home.enron.com. to add this channel to your set-up click on the channels link at the top of the screen and under announcements check the enron in action box. if you wish to add an announcement to enron in action, please fill out the attached form below and submit it to no later than pm thursday each week. "" "	Businessjeff-can you review this and let me know what you think. please initial and send back if you think it's ok as is. plsease advise by nov thank you. 	Business" outlet @ the creek [image] [image] [image] tops on your list![image] [image] [image] [image] blouse was now [image][image] [image] shirts, tunics, tees, and more. - off [image] ah, those colorful, comfortable, interchangeable tops. now with more than to choose from, all specially discounted, it's easy to wrap up a bunch for that special someone this holiday season. put a little spin in their style! click the link below. you might even find one for yourself. [image] [image] [image] [image] [image] [image] [image] [image] top was now [image] [image] [image] [image] tee was now [image] [image] [image] tunic was now [image] [image] [image] [image] [image] shirt was now [image] shirt was now [image] tunic was now [image] shirt was now [image] [image] privacy and security. [image] to receive our e-mails in a text-only format, please reply to this message and type change to text in the subject field. we will make sure you receive text-only e-mails in the future. this e-mail was sent to if you would rather not receive future e-mails from coldwater creek, please reply to this message and type remove in the subject line. we will remove your name from our e-mail list. call toll-free to speak with a customer service representative. outlet @ the creek contains clearance, overstock and discontinued merchandise. quantities, sizes and colors are limited to stock on hand. prices and discounts show original catalog prices; intermediate markdowns may have been taken. our normal shipping fees apply. [image] "" "	Businesssorry for the inconvenience. julie 	Business" dear mr. karl: attached for your review is a draft of a master agreement with enron north america corp. please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions and or comments you may have regarding this matter. best regards, debra perlingiere enron north america corp. legal department smith street, eb houston, texas phone fax "" "	Business"forecast and climate data for enron canada date: temperature date maximum minimum mean climate heating degree d. Îçc Îçc Îçc (t) mean calgary friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may edmonton friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may vancouver friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may toronto friday may saturday may sunday may monday may tuesday may wednesday may thursday may friday may saturday may sunday may monday may notes: climatological day = mst to mst *** not for redistribution*** "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" britt-- i can't find them. either wayne gresham or gail brownfeld has them. ----- forwarded by richard b sanders/hou/ect on am ----- twanda sweet pm to: richard b cc: subject: mailroom issue richard, do you have these documents? twanda sweet enron north america corp. ----- forwarded by twanda sweet/hou/ect on pm ----- britt pm to: twanda cc: subject: mailroom issue some weeks ago, richard sent me copies of some demand letters dated in november to the ena legal department that he suspected had been laying around somewhere, and asked me to investigate. i have had one meeting with enron's mailroom people, who i gave my only copies of those letters. they threw them away, thinking i had finished my investigation. i have mentioned this to richard and asked him to send me additional copies, but it may have slipped his mind. can you help me? thanks. britt "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final ---- generation schedule ---- *** final schedule not found for preferred schedule. details: trans_type: final sc_id: harbor mkt_type: trans_date: unit_id: 	Businessfull day url 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" what are women really looking for in life? matthew b am to: chris jay paul cc: subject: transco meeting i have scheduled conference room for - pm thursday nov. for the arrival of ingrid to our building. any questions let me know. matt "" "	Personal"burnett quigley dutch ernie martinez kevin crawford mark molnar ernie martinez richard smith jerry portele x-sdoc: x-zlid: did you have trouble with the pabst blue ribbon? ---------- original message ---------------------------------- from: john r. riches date: wed, jan > lies. > > ________________________________________________________________ sent via the webmail system at "" "	Business" mr. hewitt i was just wanting to know what my password is for the ehr website. regards, bert meyers "" "	Business"product description australian wthr hdd swap osaka jpy/hdd an australian weather (heating degree day) transaction with enron australia finance pty ltd., under which the seller is obliged to pay the payment amount to the buyer where the floating amount is above the strike amount, or where the buyer is obliged to make a payment to the seller where the floating amount is below the strike amount. the underlying climatic condition of the transaction shall be heating degree days. the strike amount is the amount in heating degree days submitted in the price field by counterparty via the website. the notional amount is the product of (i) the quantity submitted by counterparty via the website and (ii) the pay unit. the payment amount is the product of (i) the notional amount and (ii) the absolute value of the difference between the floating amount and the strike amount. the calculation period is from and including the effective date of may to and including the termination date of june reference weather station is [osaka], amedas number wmo station number fallback reference weather station is [osaka airport], amedas number [xxxxx], wmo station number a day means the hour period commencing at at the relevant reference weather station or fallback reference weather station. prices shall be quoted in japanese yen, which shall be the contractual currency. hdd shall mean heating degree day. the reference basis is degrees celsius. check that it is still degreeŠ—Ès celsius for japan the pay unit is japanese yen yen. the maximum payout limit is yen, multiplied by the quantity submitted by counterparty via the website. "" "	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" [image] [image] thanks for your order, patrice thurston! thanks again for shopping with us. amazon.com customer service want to track your order status? learn how with our animated demo! did you know you can view and edit your orders online? click your account to: access where's my stuff? combine orders change payment options change shipping address cancel unshipped items change gift messaging do much more... purchasing information: your purchase reads as follows: e-mail address: billing address: patrice thurston deer meadow drive houston, texas united states items: $ shipping & handling: $ ------ total before tax: $ estimated tax: $ ------ purchase total: $ order summary: order ) patrice thurston deer meadow drive houston, texas united states shipping method: standard shipping shipping preference: ship when all items are available. [image] option volatility & pricing: advanced trading strategies and techniques sheldon natenberg; hardcover; @ each usually ships in hours you can make changes to any unshipped orders in your account . if you've explored the links on that page but still have a question, please visit our online help department . please note: this e-mail was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept incoming e-mail. please do not reply to this message. as an amazon.com customer, you'll occasionally receive e-mail updates about important functionality changes to the web site, new amazon.com services, and special offers we believe would be beneficial to you. we hope you'll find these updates interesting and informative. but if you'd rather not receive them, please visit your amazon.com communication preferences page. thanks again for shopping with us. amazon.com earth's biggest selection [image] prefer not to receive html mail? click here recommendations for your next visit: [image] buying and selling volatility by kevin b. connolly our price: [image] the four biggest mistakes in option trading by jay kaeppel our price: [image] the options course by george a. fontanills our price: [image] options as a strategic investment by lawrence mcmillan, larry mcmillan our price: [image]see all your recommendations "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] url=top 	Neutral"mark x-sdoc: x-zlid: we will take as pma for the st-wr book for this month. the details are in the attached spreadsheet. if you have any questions please let me know. thanks, nick warner "" "	Business 	Neutral"ellen wallumrod, juliann kemp, edward terry subject: final version x-sdoc: x-zlid: rohm & haas has been added and the sale for union carbide for april has been added. "" "	Business" esource presents dow jones interactive training attend one of our topical dow jones interactive clinics: advanced learn how to be more efficient on dow jones interactive. put some power tools to work for you. learn how to employ codes, use search history, and customize. hands on time is provided. may. - am may. - noon seats fill up fast! to reserve a seat, please call stephanie e. taylor at the cost is per person no shows will be charged * please bring your dow jones interactive login id and password. if you don't have one, a guest id will be provided. check the esource training page at http://esource.enron.com/training.doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations http://esource.enron.com <embedded picture (metafile)> "" "	Businessplease bookout the following deals; deal with deal for may and june. 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personali will be out of the office from until i will respond to your message when i return. 	Businessattachment not found! 	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Neutral"transwestern pipeline open season results ignacio to blanco company name volume term rate receipt delivery special terms bp energy years florida el paso blanco increase meter capacity ignacio i/b link of florida plant to nwpl so. trails ignacio to ca company name volume term rate receipt delivery special terms red cedar years less than ignacio needles max florida topock red cedar texaco years red cedar needles la maquina topock mojave san juan to ca company name volume term rate receipt delivery special terms duke years bloomfield bp energy years bloomfield needles,griffith kutz, blanco swg, calpine transcolorado ena years bloomfield needles alt. del points wot ena seeks refund of demand chgs on vols subject to window texaco years bloomfield needles topock mojave el paso merchant years blanco needles plus commodity burlington ??? ??? ??? barrett resources years blanco border pts. smud years ??? blanco topock aquila years max rate blanco needles alt ca del points reliant yrs. ??? blanco needles alt ca del points eot - ca company name volume term rate receipt delivery special terms duke years w. tx pool texaco years w. tx. pool needles topock mojave el paso merchant years pool needles plus commodity usgt up to yrs max rate w.tx.pool needles thoreau topock, eoc richardson years pool border cms years panhandle topock request for existing space: eot - eot company name volume term rate receipt delivery special terms ena years ??? kirtland afb total turnback requests: burlington san juan eot notes: unless otherwise noted, all rates are demand, exclusive of fuel if a shipper requested a range of capacity, the high end of the range is reflected in this summary. "" "	Neutral"souci becki barker courtney barry mike berg vicki bolks sean bollinger joni bowers janet branney theresa brennan lorna burleson bob cabrera reyna cohrs allen donoho lindy dushinske john fiscus john fowler bill gadd eric gilbert steve halpin tom harris steven herber stephen hyatt kevin johanson tim jones dana joyce jane korbelik stephanie lagerstrom karen lantefield laura lindberg lorraine lohman tk lokay michelle mccarran penny mcgowan mike w. mercaldo vernon millar john miller kent moore jan neubauer dave neville sue oldenhuis frank paladino ranelle pavlou larry penkava loren powell don powers ken pritchard john riehm richard roobaert preston sebesta chris semin frank stage michael g. stevens bob swett larry thomas steve threet kay valley lisa watson kimberly weller steve westfall roger wilkinson chuck williams jo williams john cappiello deborah hook connie mccoy julie ramirez pilar robertson audrey wadle susan wehring linda x-sdoc: x-zlid: the bib cycle meeting date is changed from friday to wednesday, oct. at a.m. the houston folks will use dave neubauer's office omaha folks will use jo will initiate the conference call: houston mpls "" "	Businessdoes this mean it is done? anything else outstanding on this file. please stop by with it. 	Business"jay smith tiffany stephens jeff x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Neutral" from: risk management -controls department: risk management subject: new book request date: june requestor: j.p. lewis counterparty book purpose tagg book information type of transactions book mapping short name long name internal external both code region p b idx gd phy y commodity/uom/curr trader name mtm/accrual reason for book date needed pwr-gas-mgmt power gas management x nymex x x gas/mmbtu/usd kevin presto mtm netco asap pwr-gas-option power gas option x nymex x x gas/mmbtu/usd harry arora mtm netco asap pwr-gas-ne power gas northeast x nymex x x gas/mmbtu/usd dana davis mtm netco asap pwr-gas-mw power gas midwest x nymex x x gas/mmbtu/usd fletch sturm mtm netco asap pwr-gas-se power gas southeast x nymex x x gas/mmbtu/usd rogers herndon mtm netco asap pwr-gas-ercot power gas ercot x nymex x x gas/mmbtu/usd doug gilbert-smith mtm netco asap pwr-gas-lt-erct power gas long term ercot x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd jeff king mtm netco asap pwr-gas-lt-spp power gas long term spp x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd mike carson mtm netco asap pwr-gas-lt-soco power gas long term soco x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd john suarez mtm netco asap pwr-gas-st-pjm power gas short term pjm x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd gautum gupta mtm netco asap pwr-gas-st-neng power gas short term new england x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd paul broderick mtm netco asap pwr-gas-st-erct power gas short term ercot x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd paul schiavone mtm netco asap pwr-gas-st-ny power gas short term new york x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd narsimha misra mtm netco asap pwr-gas-st-cin power gas short term cinergy x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd russell ballato mtm netco asap pwr-gas-lt-optb power gas long term option b x nymex x x x gas/mmbtu/usd steve wang mtm netco asap (note please ensure access to both production and stage to enter deals, calculate books and set the official flag. *a unique portfolio/book code will be assigned to your book unless you request a specific portfolio/book code. book cannot be set up if there is any missing information. ***please provide login names for book administrators.*** risktrac check list added (y/n) processors id book login created in risktrac administrator* names hierarchy j.p. lewis sent to gcp andrea dahlke adahlke created in tagg/erms casey evans cevans cross-commodity dba tim carter tcarter stacey white swhite portfolio name added (y/n) processors id tom chapman all: agg-credit israel estrada iestrada agg-prod-dpr-bu agg-prod-dpr-cm discounting usd if: gdi agg-gd-index if: index agg-index if: gas agg-gas iii & iv "" "	Business"hoover institution and stanford institute for economic policy research conference on the california electricity problem october stauffer auditorium hoover institution stanford university conference agenda thursday, october p.m. welcome and introduction john raisian, hoover institution john shoven, stanford institute for economic policy research (siepr), hoover institution, and stanford university p.m. californiaŠ—Ès electricity problem: its causes and a proposed solution james sweeney, siepr, hoover institution, and stanford university severin borenstein, university of california, berkeley p.m. break p.m. the impact of the electricity problem on the california economy edward leamer, university of california, los angeles achieving competition through real time pricing vernon smith, george mason university frank wolak, stanford university and siepr p.m. sessions close p.m. reception and dinner stanford faculty club guest speaker: the honorable spencer abraham, u.s. secretary of energy conference agenda (continued) friday, october a.m. continental breakfast hatfield court, hoover institution a.m. power production and politics john bryson, edison international peter cartwright (pending), calpine corporation pete wilson, hoover institution a.m. break a.m. lessons learned: the doŠ—Ès and donŠ—Èts of deregulationŠ— gary becker (pending), hoover institution and university of chicago milton friedman, hoover institution george shultz, hoover institution james sweeney, siepr, hoover institution, and stanford university a.m. conference sessions conclude noon lunch hatfield court, hoover institution tentative schedule: final times and panel compositions are subject to change conference participants spencer abraham Š—– u.s. secretary of energy; former u.s. senator from michigan gary becker Š—– rose-marie and jack r. anderson senior fellow, hoover institution, stanford university; university professor of economics and sociology, university of chicago; nobel laureate in economic sciences severin borenstein Š—– e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy, haas school of business, university of california, berkeley; director, university of california energy institute john bryson Š—– chairman, president and ceo, edison international; former president, california public utilities commission peter cartwright Š—– ceo, calpine corporation john cogan Š—– leonard and shirley ely senior fellow, hoover institution milton friedman Š—– senior research fellow, hoover institution; nobel laureate in economic sciences edward leamer Š—– chauncey j. medberry chair in management and professor, anderson school of business, university of california, los angeles john raisian Š—– director and senior fellow, hoover institution, stanford university john shoven Š—– buzz and barbara mccoy senior fellow, hoover institution; wallace r. hawley director, stanford institute for economic policy research (siepr); charles r. schwab professor, department of economics, stanford university george shultz Š—– thomas w. and susan b. ford distinguished fellow, hoover institution; former u.s. secretary of state, u.s. secretary of the treasury, u.s. secretary of labor vernon smith Š—– professor, department of economics, and lead economist, interdisciplinary center for economic science, george mason university james sweeney Š—– senior fellow, hoover institution; professor, department of management science and engineering, stanford university; senior fellow and director, energy, natural resources and the environment program, siepr pete wilson Š—– distinguished visiting fellow, hoover institution; former governor, state of california frank wolak Š—– professor, department of economics, stanford university; senior fellow, siepr "" "	Business"enron canada corp. general corporate certificate to: royal bank of canada and to: macleod dixon and to: blake, cassels & graydon llp re: isda master agreement no. (the Š—“isda agreementŠ—) dated september between royal bank of canada and enron canada corp. the undersigned, gregory s. johnston, being the assistant secretary of the corporation, hereby certifies on behalf of enron canada corp. (the Š—“corporationŠ—) and not in his personal capacity: incorporation. the corporation has been duly constituted and organized and is a valid and subsisting corporation under the laws of the province of alberta, and no acts or proceedings have been taken by the corporation in connection with the dissolution, liquidation, winding up, bankruptcy or reorganization of the corporation. constating documents. attached hereto as schedule Š—“aŠ— is a true and complete copy of the currently effective constating documents of the corporation, being its constating articles and certificate, together with any amendments thereto or continuations thereof, these constating documents being in full force and effect as of the date hereof, and no proceedings have been taken or are pending to amend, supplement, surrender or cancel the same as of the date hereof. by-laws. attached hereto as schedule Š—“bŠ— is a true and complete copy of all the by-laws of the corporation, these by-laws being in full force and effect as of the date hereof and no proceedings have been taken or are pending to amend, supplement, surrender or cancel the same as of the date hereof. shareholders agreement. there is no shareholders agreement respecting the shares of the corporation or any other agreement, resolution or other writing which in any way limits or restricts the powers of the directors of the corporation to manage the business and affairs of the corporation. corporate authorization. attached hereto as schedule Š—“cŠ— is a true and complete copy of the resolutions passed by the directors of the corporation approving or ratifying, as applicable, the isda agreement and the execution and delivery of the isda agreement and any other amendments, certificates, instruments or other documents contemplated in the isda agreement, these resolutions being in full force and effect unamended and no proceedings have been taken or are pending to amend, supplement or cancel the same as of the date hereof. incumbency. the persons whose names appear below have been duly appointed to the offices the corporation ascribed below to those persons and the signature placed opposite each name and office is the true signature of the person whose name appears opposite. name office signature p. robson milnthorp president and chief executive officer gregory s. johnston assistant secretary no litigation. to the best of my knowledge, information and belief there are no (i) actions, suits, or proceedings pending against the corporation, (ii) agreements with any third party, and (iii) decrees, orders, regulations, statutes or other restrictions whatsoever imposed by any court, governmental body or other entity having jurisdiction which would hinder or restrict the corporation from completing the isda agreement or performing its obligations under the isda agreement. this general corporate certificate executed at calgary, alberta effective the day of september, by: name: gregory s. johnston title: assistant secretary schedule Š—“aŠ— constating documents schedule Š—“bŠ— by-laws schedule Š—“cŠ— resolutions "" "	Business"mark dana gilbert-smith doug herndon rogers presto kevin m. sturm fletcher j. will lloyd x-sdoc: x-zlid: the following is a status report from the consultant. this information will be revised to look the the daily recap report and then posted weekly on the website. we will also continue to provide a list of the outages that we hear about from the newswire separately. plants net mwe current status comments ecar beaver valley operating beaver valley operating davis besse operating dc cook operating dc cook operating fermi refueling restart expected palisades regulatory outage for nozzle cracking restart expected late january perry operating ercot comanche peak operating comanche peak operating south texas operating south texas operating frcc crystal river operating st lucie operating st lucie operating turkey point operating turkey point operating maac calvert cliffs operating calvert cliffs operating hope creek refueling (not confirmed) restart expected limerick operating limerick operating oyster creek operating peach bottom operating peach bottom operating salem operating salem operating susquehanna operating susquehanna operating three mile island refueling/steam gen tube repair restart expected main braidwood operating braidwood operating byron operating byron operating clinton operating dresden operating just completed refueling on dresden operating kewaunee refueling / steam gen replacement restart expected lasalle operating lasalle operating point beach operating point beach operating quad cities operating quad cities operating mapp cooper refueling (not confirmed) started restart expected duane arnold operating fort calhoun operating monticello refueling started restart expected prairie island operating prairie island operating npcc (nepool) millstone operating millstone operating pilgrim operating seabrook operating vermont yankee operating npcc (nypp) fitzpatrick operating ginna operating indian point operating indian point operating nine mile point operating nine mile point operating serc browns ferry operating browns ferry operating brunswick operating brunswick operating catawba operating catawba operating farley refueling restart expected farley operating harris refueling / steam gen replacement restart expected hatch operating hatch operating mcguire operating mcguire operating north anna operating north anna operating oconee operating oconee operating oconee refueling started restart expected robinson operating sequoyah refueling restart expected sequoyah operating summer operating surry refueling (not confirmed) restart expected surry operating vogtle operating vogtle operating watts bar operating spp arkansas operating arkansas operating callaway operating grand gulf operating river bend operating waterford operating wolf creek operating "" "	Business 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. variances detected. variances detected in sc trades schedule. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final ---- sc trades schedule ---- +++ hour - bad data from iso. trans_type: final sc_id: epmi mkt_type: trans_date: trading_sc: pgae pnt_of_intrc: sched_type: engy purch_sale: deal_no: 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" ricardo, what is your extension ? i would like to ask you a few questions and talk to you about what data we have available. chris dorland "" "	Business#NAME?	Neutral"chris hodge john keavey peter f. mckay brad mckay jonathan pereira susan w. pimenov vladi ring andrea savvas leonidas townsend judy versen victoria barbe robin concannon ruth goodell scott jones david kaiser jared loving scott muhl gil smith maureen smith shauywn taylor craig willis jim zivley jill t. culotta lindsay frihart bryant giron darron c. mims patrice l. murrell russell e pollan sylvia s. tucker patrick x-sdoc: x-zlid: i apologize, but the new system had problems and the scheduler just got back with me. conf room "" "	Business" this is a reminder that the ect.enron.com,ei.enron.com,and ees.enron.com email domains will be decommissioned by close of business friday, january if you currently use an email address of or you will need to notify your contacts to send mail to you at this is the first step of several to standardize everyone's email address to if you have questions regarding this email, send an email to thank you for participation, cooperation and support. enron messaging administration "" "	Business"lindy hass glen watson kimberly lokey teb kilmer iii robert lindberg lorraine lohman tk x-sdoc: x-zlid: looks good to me. thanks for the revision. terry kowalke "" "	Business" rigzone daily news -- thursday, december ------------------------------------------------------------ daily news from the worldwide upstream oil & gas industry to view the complete version, please go to: ------------------------------------------------------------ "" "	Businessjeff - you should receive in the next day or so a security agreement from our lawyers in bermuda (appleby spurling) which has to be executed on behalf of ena. i have approved these docs - in short the agreement grants us security in a reinsurance contract which supports rvi's obligation under the credit default swap. i would be grateful if you could sign where necessary and forward all copies by courier directly to sharon white at the following address: sharon white conyers dill & perman clarendon house po box hm hamilton bermuda sara - i would be grateful if you could provide the requisite legal initials. on a separate point - sara - can you confirm that greg whalley has the authority to sign on behalf of ena - if so can you have someone fax me a copy of the signatory authority. if you have any questions give me buzz. many tks denis ps - drop me a mail when the docs have gone so i can chase-up with sharon. 	Business" if your do not see our email in seconds, please go to http://www.enerfaxdaily.com to today's gas & power prices & news. <iframe src=http://www.enerfax.com <div><font face=arial your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing <a please visit our website to view today's gas and power prices and news by clicking <a href=http://www.enerfax.com>http://www.enerfax.com <div>&nbsp; delete by forwarding to or send a blank email to "" "	Personali have received your e-mail. thank you for your thoughts. 	Personal"ercot physical delivery progress report technical issues how will information flow amongst the different groups? progress to date: plan of action: tbd etc: tbd what system will ees use to manage customers/deals for the pilot program? progress to date: identified the need to develop an access database to manage the information. plan of action: working with murray oŠ—Èneil and todd busby to specify requirements. consider using pcast etc: august where will the actual customer usage data reside and how will it be accessible to other groups? progress to date: discussed in meeting with george phillips. determined that if csc is gathering this information for ca, they should probably do it for ercot as well plan of action: ask jeff merola to discuss with csc etc: settlements issues how will we allocate p&l amongst the different desks? (power, options, load, site profile) progress to date: discussed in meeting with george phillips plan of action: tbd Š—– pending resolution of other issues etc: tbd how often will ees settle with the ews qse? (daily?) progress to date: Š—– received ees proposal plan of action: ees proposes settling on a monthly basis. jeff m., let me know if this is a problem. proposed timeline: day Š—– operating day - energy flows day Š—– initial settlement information provided day Š—– initial settlement for days are invoiced with payment due in days day Š—– collect and issue payments for days day Š—– final settlement for day calculated day Š—– final settlement for days Š—– indicating any changes from the initial statement day Š—– true-up settlement etc: tbd will ees perform Š—“shadow billingŠ—? plan of action: ees will perform a Š—“sanity checkŠ— on the amounts due to/ receivable from ews, but they will not shadow bill etc: completed need an intramonth book progress to date: discussed in meeting with george phillips. book is in the very early stages of development plan of action: will work with chris stokley and todd busby to determine etc etc: tbd need a process flow diagram progress to date: discussed in meeting with george phillips plan of action: michele/preston to complete etc: august what requirements does the settlements group have? progress to date: discussed verbally with the settlements group. requested a list of requirements from george phillips plan of action: george will meet with chris and murray etc: tbd how will disputes with the iso be handled? who will be responsible for identify potential disputes and submitting them? progress to date: plan of action: use the flash to actual adjustment and the intramonth book to help identify potential disputes, and rely on epmi to proactively work with us to identify disputes etc: completed billing issues how will we pass-thru intrazonal congestion to ees customers? progress to date: discussed in meeting with george phillips. Š—– e-mailed brenda herod re: her plan of action plan of action: rebecca to discuss with epmi etc: tbd how will we bill for excess/deficiency usage? progress to date: Š—– e-mailed brenda herod re: her plan of action plan of action: per narsimha, on hold for now etc: tbd who will provide reports detailing what customers/accounts/sites we are physically serving and reconcile that information to billing data? progress to date: discussed in meeting with george phillips. plan of action: ask jeff merola to discuss with csc etc: tbd scheduling issues what is our true retail position? presently, the positions report shows some retail positions as wholesale positions. progress to date: discussed with ress young, who agreed to work with risk controls to resolve plan of action: follow up with ress. etc: tbd what index/price will we use to buy/sell any net open position on a daily basis? progress to date: plan of action: john forney to develop a proposed solution etc: tbd what daily schedule will we follow? progress to date: plan of action: jeff miller to provide etc: tbd what group will do the load forecasting? progress to date: plan of action: ews load desk will do all forecasting up to next day forecast. kevin cline will do next day and hourly forecast. etc: completed who will manage the intramonth/weekly/daily position? progress to date: discussed with john forney and jeff miller plan of action: narsimha to resolve etc: tbd how/when will the scheduling group be notified of Š—“operational changesŠ— progress to date: discussed with john forney, jeff miller and malik plan of action: preston to discuss with service management (terry donovan) etc: august organizational issues how will we ews interact with csc? progress to date: plan of action: jeff merola to resolve etc: tbd how will we handle customer switches? progress to date: Š—– discussed with jeff merola plan of action: jeff merola to discuss with csc and come back with a proposal etc: tbd how will the options desk interact with the power desk? will the options desk transfer physical firm power with the associated ancillary services? progress to date: plan of action: narsimha to resolve etc: tbd pilot program issues what customers will we switch? progress to date: Š—– requested historical usage data from the load desk and mallik. neither provided. Š—– requested data from jason woodward. have preliminary selected customers with sites in txu and reliant plan of action: follow up with service management group. verify that selected customers are eligible for the pilot program etc: august when? progress to date: plan of action: switch in late august. power flows september etc: september "" "	Business" glen, your alive..!!!!!!!!!! glad to see you are still around. what's with the new job? for me the new job is obvious. we started playing a drinking game where every time the name enron was mentioned you had to do a shot. minutes later i was fired for drunken insubordination. sometime in the next weeks i'll start working for ubs warburg (union bank of switzerland). i'm hoping working for a swiss company may finally get me out of the middle of all the conflicts (terrorism, enron, anthrax). no one should want to harm the canadian working for the swiss company. actually, my division was sold to ubs so the transition should not be that hard. mostly the same people, but on a much smaller scale. if i could make the same amount of money for ubs i did for enron last year, i'd finally get the bonus i've always been looking for. anyways, i'll keep you posted. my email hasn't changed yet, but i'm sure it will. if you need to get in contact with me try, how's the personal life going? i hope all is well. jon "" "	Personal" the following items were presented in last week's change control meetings.... nov. shared folder move common located on will be moved to in an effort to migrate the remaining gta common folders from the old gta server to our current windows server, we are asking you to do the following: Îà review the folders on Îà identify the folders you are currently using. Îà reply back with a list. Îà only the folders identified on the reply back will be moved! dec. between p.m. and a.m., enw will be upgrading oracle on edi_qa to version ets solution center - houston, at ets solution center - omaha, at "" "	Business" thanks for your voice mail. in case you are wondering what my former secretary and long time friend thinks of me .... this goes with a bigger story i will tell you about sometime when i can. talk to you later. ----- forwarded by elizabeth sager/hou/ect on am ----- david, gail am to: cc: subject: managers this made me think of you... all in good humor: a man in a hot air balloon realized he was lost. he reduced altitude and spotted a woman below. he descended a bit more and shouted, excuse me, can you help me? i promised a friend i would meet him an hour ago, but i don't know where i am. the woman below replied, you are in a hot air balloon hovering approximately feet above the ground. you are between and degrees north latitude and between and degrees west longitude. you must be an engineer, said the balloonist. i am, replied the woman. how did you know? well, answered the balloonist, everything you told me is technically correct, but i have no idea what to make of your information, and the fact is i am still lost. frankly, you've not been much help so far. the woman below responded, you must be a manager. i am, replied the balloonist, but how did you know? well, said the woman, you don't know where you are or where you are going. you have risen to where you are due to a large quantity of hot air. you made a promise which you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. the fact is you are in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but now, somehow, it's my fault. carolyn kirk managed care phone: fax: "" "	Personal"craig solberg geir anderson john guzman mark mier michael davis pete slinger ryan x-sdoc: x-zlid: start date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. "" "	Business"lorraine lohman tk lokay michelle moore jan robertson audrey watson kimberly mcconnell mark y'barbo paul x-sdoc: x-zlid: good afternoon: the following information is being compiled per lorna brennan: please advise me (yes or no) via e-mail if you currently utilize lim/mimic on your desktop. thank you for your assistance! julie mccoy "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: !!!unknown database. alias: error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. variances detected. variances detected in load schedule. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final ---- load schedule ---- $$$ variance found in table tblloads. details: (hour: / preferred: / final: trans_type: final load_id: mkt_type: trans_date: sc_id: enrj 	Business" geof i would like to meet with connie. if possible, a good day for me would be the afternoon of jan the kids get out of school early. i can meet wherever.if that won't work, any day except jan which is when i'm meeting with the estate lawyer. i don't work this monday either but most people have that day off. got ck from paine weber. ----- original message ----- from: storey, geoff to: sent: monday, january am subject: connie babbit tax accountant these are the questions i asked her with the answers below. please read this. she would like to meet with you. "" "	Personal" well, she declined our kind offer, didn't she? as busy as life is between work and home for me right now, i can't say that it will bother me too much to attend a shower where someone else makes the finger sandwiched and punch! do be on the look out for the perfect pack of diaper pins. i noticed some at a rack at randall's the other day... (just kidding!) hope you all are doing fine. i was on jury duty three days last week - really interesting, but totally screwed up my schedule at work. i have been doing double-time to try to catch up, especially since i plan to be off the week of december "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Businessyou going to brief me tonite on tomorrow's meeting? 	Business"isda swap agreement information sheet attorney: date: deal maker: counterparty: morgan stanley capital services inc. contact: address: title: phone: fax: incorporation state s&p rating structure counterparty ect guarantor (rating) morgan stanley dean witter & co. enron corp limit $ millions incorporation state or collateral threshold matrix in $ millions based on s & p and moody's ratings specify type of debt: collateral type letter of credit x x cash x x treasuries/maturity limit x x minimum transfer $ collateral rounding delivery amount return amount holding and use of collateral permitted x x minimum s & p/moody's rating permitted material adverse change triggers - if matrix not applicable delete non-specific mac in exeisting contract. apply to: -counterparty -guarantor x x debt ratings change -below = s&p/moody's bbb- bbb- financial covenants -funded debt/worth -minimum net worth -ebitda/interest non-specific -unilateral non-standard definitions -funded debt -net worth events of default party debt x x -counterparty ($mm) -guarantor ($mm) change in ownership financial statements -standard x x - request financials on: credit decision: approved : x declined: outstanding swap transactions: yes: no: all swaps to roll up under new master: yes: no: credit provisions of master to govern: yes: no: other comments: use current set-off language. global credit: please complete the attached form below if the following conditions exist: a) no previous guidance limit exists or ..... b) the proposed contractual limits exceed the existing guidance limits. credit review prepared by: rod nelson "" "	Business" this message is only relevant for those going to ubs. when exporting your email messages listed in the instructions or via the outlook export utility, attachments will not be saved! there will be a better solution to exporting your email messages and all your attachments emailed later today. thank you, john oh "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business"david w delainey, dennis benevides, don black, elizabeth sager, elizabeth tilney, eric thode, gordon savage, greg wolfe, harry kingerski, jubran whalan, jeff dasovich, jeffrey t hodge, joe hartsoe, john j lavorato, john neslage, kathryn corbally, keith holst, kristin walsh, leslie lawner, linda robertson, louise kitchen, marcia a linton, mary schoen, mark palmer, marty sunde, mary hain, michael tribolet, mike d smith, mike grigsby, neil bresnan, paul kaufman, phillip k allen, robert badeer, rebecca w cantrell, richard b sanders, richard shapiro, rob bradley, robert c williams, robert frank, robert frank, robert johnston, robert neustaedter, sandra mccubbin, scott stoness, shelley corman, steve c hall, steve walton, steven j kean, susan j mara, tim belden, tom briggs, travis mccullough, vance meyer, vicki sharp, wendy conwell, william s bradford, tara piazze subject: daily california call moved to weekly call x-sdoc: x-zlid: as a reminder, the daily call on california has ended. we will now have a single weekly call on monday at am houston time. updates will be provided through e-mail as required. jim steffes "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalhow is everything going? are you guys staying cool down there. i know it has been hot. i will try to call soon. 	Personal" chris please read my original e-mail to molly. thanks, "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" thank you for registering or updating your registration information online at http://www.mplanners.com/enron. some of your registration information is listed below. to review your complete registration information or to update any of your information, please return to our web site using your login id and password in the following information list. confirmation number: email address: password: enron badge name: steve harris this email has been generated by mplanners.com's automated online registration system. please do not reply to the above email address. (c) - planners services group "" "	Business" calendar entry: event description: date: duration (days): chairperson: outlook migration team detailed description: "" "	Business" if you feel like your money constantly disappears down the drain... join efcu for our managing your cash flow brown bag workshop. dean kanaly of the foundation for financial literacy will give tips on making your money grow and last. wednesday, september - doubletree allen center, la salle b room rsvp to limited spaces are available. "" "	Neutralwe have been having problems with the radiator so we are having to derate. please note the modification to our usual schedule. 	Business"shaban, chairman graham searle, gm & chief executive harib al kitani, vp, marketing & shipping x-sdoc: x-zlid: "" "	Neutral" <(enronentityname>( <(enronlogotelephone>( <(enronlogofax>( confirmation (collar) date: <<dealdate>> to: <<counterpartyname>> (counterparty) attention: <<counterpartycontact>> fax no.: <<counterpartyfax>> from: <<enronentitynamecode>> re: costless collar <<dealnumber>> the purpose of this letter is to confirm the terms and conditions of transaction entered into between us pursuant to a telephone conversation between <<counterpartycontact>> and <<originator>> on the trade date specified below (the transaction). this letter constitutes a Š—“confirmationŠ— as referred to in the isda master agreement specified below. this confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the isda master agreement dated as of <<financialmasterdate>>, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Š—“agreementŠ—), between you and us. all provisions contained in the agreement govern this confirmation except as expressly modified below. the terms of the particular transaction to which this confirmation relates are as follows: general terms: notional quantity per <<qtyperperiod>> calculation period: commodity: <<commodityname>> commodity unit: <<unitofmeasure>> trade date: <<dealdate>> effective date: <<transstartdate>> termination date: <<transstopdate>> calculation period(s): <<determinationperiod>> payment date(s): <<paymentdate>> cap amount details: cap floating price payer: <<capseller>> cap price: u.s. $ <<capprice>> floor amount details: floor floating price payer: <<floorseller>> floor price: u.s. $ <<floorprice>> cap and floor floating price: <<floatingprice>> account details: payment to party a: account for payments: payments to party b: account for payments: for the purposes of calculations of the floating price(s), all numbers shall be rounded as follows: floating price(s) relating to commodities quoted in (i) gallons shall be rounded to five places, (ii) mmbtuŠ—Ès shall be rounded to four places and (iii) barrels shall be rounded to three places. if the number after the final number is five or greater then the final number shall be increased by one and if the number after the final number is less than five then the final number shall remain unchanged. in accordance with the procedure set forth in the agreement, please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing the copy of this confirmation enclosed for that purpose and returning it to us or by sending to us a letter substantially similar to this letter, which letter sets forth the material terms of the transaction to which this confirmation relates and indicates agreement to those terms. yours sincerely, <<enronentityname>> by: name: title: contract no. <<deal number>> confirmed as of the date first above written: <<counterpartyname>> by: name: title: "" "	Business" matt: i just called her back and she said she talked to her supervisor right after i talked to her the first time, and her supervisor has not gotten back to her on it. she is going to try to get hold of him right now, and she will call me back. i'll follow up tomorrow. (but feel free to call me if you haven't heard anything from me in a couple of days!!) from: matt on pm to: rebecca w cc: subject: re: questar historicals becky, have you heard anything yet from questar? now we also need data for may through june because their site did not report all week. should i give lori a call again? mat "" "	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final error retrieving hourahead price data - process continuing... 	Business"robert berger larry betancourt ramona black legale blair jean bodnar michael brown sharon bryan randy buchanan john buehler craig callans nancy carr james clapper karen cormier martha draemer mary dykes tangie floyd jodie forbish sherry garcia ava greaney chris hernandez bert hibbard scott janzen randy jaquet tammy kowalke terry kuehl toby linhart joe locknar maryann matheson maggie mcdaniel janet medeles gerry mercaldo vernon miller beverly mulligan amy perry renee porter diana ratliff dale rivers cynthia schoolcraft darrell scurlock debra spraggins gary sturr kathy threet kay vaughan cara walden shirley ward linda washington kathy wilkens jerry winters ricki woodson harry zadow raetta cc: darveaux mary blair lynn january steven spraggins gary dunten deborah hess theresa perez kim skertich gerald studebaker james barry mike bollinger joni bowers janet brennan lorna cappiello deborah fowler bill gilbert steve gracey rosemary hook connie johanson tim lagerstrom karen lantefield laura mccoy julie mcgowan mike w. miller kent neubauer dave oldenhuis frank pavlou larry penkava loren sebesta chris swett larry wilkinson chuck williams jo semin frank stevens bob valley lisa branney theresa neville sue perales maria x-sdoc: x-zlid: the attached total carlton resolution for was posted today <http://www.nng.enron.com/dob/etfr_carlton.html> toby "" "	Business[internetshortcut] url=top 	Neutralstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final error retrieving hourahead price data - process continuing... 	Business" flood warning for kenai river national weather service anchorage ak pm wed august the national weather service has issued a flood warning for the kenai river, including the areas of kenai lake, cooper landing, and kenai keys. heavy rain over the upper portion of the kenai basin on monday night through tuesday evening has caused a major rise in water levels on the kenai river and its tributaries. the gage on the trail river at lawing has risen ft in the past hours and the snow river rose feet before cresting tuesday afternoon. additional precipitation of up to inches is expected and will prolong the crest. water levels at cooper landing will probably crest sometime late friday afternoon, with a stage slightly below ft. primrose campground is the main area affected by stages below ft. the snow glacier lake has not released at this time. minor flooding is also possible at kenai keys. stages are expected to crest late friday downstream of kenai keys at about feet on the usgs gage and at about feet at kenai keys. the heaviest rains over the kenai peninsula have ended, with lighter amounts of rain forecast for thursday and friday. smaller streams should begin falling today, with the kenai river falling over the weekend. a flood warning means that flooding is imminent or occurring. this statement will be updated at am august or earlier if conditions warrant. sdl $$ nnnn pdt --------------------------------------------------------- to update or terminate your subscription to this email service visit our webpage at http://www.incident.com/edismail.html. please do not reply to this message: replies may be treated as errors and result in your subscription being deleted. for non-subscription queries, email we cannot process subscription, unsubscribe or selection-change requests via email: please use the webpage for those requests. edis is operated by the governor's office of emergency services, state of california. this email relay is offered by incident.com as a public service. because of the complexity of this system and its dependence on other systems, we cannot be responsible for delays or failures in transmission. --------------------------------------------------------- "" "	Neutral" we've updated the merger q&a document on our enron updates site ( <http://home.enron.com/updates/mergerqa.html>), as a result of the many questions you've had concerning the merger between enron and dynegy. questions addressed include those about enron stock options, benefits and immigration status. please stay tuned for additional updates. "" "	Businesselizabeth sager 	Neutral"craig solberg geir anderson john guzman mark mier michael davis pete slinger ryan x-sdoc: x-zlid: start date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database error: cannot perform this operation on a closed database "" "	Business" _________________________________________________________________ weekend systems availability for pm through am _________________________________________________________________ scheduled system outages: ardmore data center - facility operations: impact: corp time: sat pm ct thru sat pm ct sat pm pt thru sat pm pt sat pm london thru sat pm london outage: sysadmiral fault tolerance split for netco/estate environments impacted: the outage the sysadmiral application will be brief and should not directly affect any applications. purpose: we are splitting the sysadmiral fault tolerance databases and master services on and database/master will be used for estate scheduling needs and will be used for netco scheduling needs. after the environments are split their will be no more replication between the two servers or fault tolerance. backout: reenable fault tolernace. contact(s): brennan, ryan lindsay, brian azurix: no scheduled outages. data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages. edi: no scheduled outages ees: no scheduled outages enron center south data center - facility operations: no scheduled outages enron north american lans: no scheduled outages field services: no scheduled outages. internet: no scheduled outages. messaging: no scheduled outages. market data: no scheduled outages. nt: no scheduled outages. no scheduled outages. other systems: no scheduled outages. sitara: no scheduled outages. sun/oss system: no scheduled outages. telephony: no scheduled outages terminal server: no scheduled outages. unify: no scheduled outages. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- for assistance enron resolution center specific help: information risk management sap/isc unify on-call [pager] sitara on-call [pager] rus/gops/geotools/aprs [pager] [pager] cpr [pager] edi support [pager] ees help desk or tds -trader decision support on-call [pager] "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" in addition to a list of software and systems that is being compiled for the calgary office, all required spreadsheets for the calgary trading operations (i.e. the sheets that the traders use) has been compiled in secure on 'ectcal\calgary'(i:)\trading\newco "" "	Business" greetings: best info to date on tx deal is today's wall street journal. best, jeff "" "	Business" <<blackline of article xxi of the lv cogen agreement for override letter.doc>> pursuant to our earlier conversation, i have made all of the changes we discussed to the lv cogen turbine agreement and override letter. you had asked that i revise article xxi in the override letter so that the confidentiality and proprietary provisions would apply to ena as agent. to do so i have had to make revisions throughout the article and, as a result, intend to include it as an annex to the override letter. what i have done is to make any reference to party or parties (other than references to third party) be deemed to include a reference to agent. you will be able to see my other changes to article xxi in the attached blackline. they are just conforming changes. let me know what you think. - blackline of article xxi of the lv cogen agreement for override letter.doc "" "	Business\scripts\netscape.wbt 	Businessjames d. x-sdoc: x-zlid: i agree - wrong connotation - i meant that it is the closest thing to actually filing testimony. i also agree that it is preferable. 	Business" so far so good. lang, gregory f. on pm to: cc: subject: re: delta power status assuming that is central, that is fine with paul, hastings. "" "	Business" dan-- my mistake....i told coleman that the notice of contract in exhibit e was for exhibit only (therefore, don't sign) and that we would be sending them an original of this form for their signature asap. talk to you soon. dan "" "	Businessattached is a blackline containing enron corp. comments to your latest draft. please contact clint freeland and me to coordinate execution. thanks. sara 	Businesstitle: the west enters a bust url(s): 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" studio b schedule effective october time monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday sunday pilates mat w/ erik hr) yoga w/ kay yoga w/ kay hatha yoga w/ scott in studio c hatha yoga w/ lori hr) hatha yoga w/ joy hr) hath yoga w/ john hr) pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ new classes: monday hatha yoga w/ lori (effective october introducing ashtanga (power) yoga saturday w/ andrew in studio c (effective october yoga expansion! pilates mat w/ marilyn hr) pilates mat w/ erik hr) yoga w/ scott studio c hr) pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ pilates reformer program pilates reformer classes per week. experience the allegro reformer with melody or erik for only per session. please call to reserve your spot. pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ yoga w/ barbara in studio c yoga w/ scott in studio c pilates reformer w/ erik hr) $$$ pilates reformer w/ melody $$$ yoga w/ barbara in studio c pilates reformer w/ erik hr) $$$ yoga w/ scott in studio c $$$ - denotes a charge to attend class moved to studio c "" "	Business" november southwest gas corporation mr. tom armstrong spring mountain road p.o. box las vegas, nv via fax: re: proposed firm transportation service for red rock expansion capacity dear mr. armstrong, this letter sets forth the proposed principle terms to be included in a firm natural gas transportation agreement between transwestern pipeline company (Š—“twŠ—) and southwest gas corporation (Š—“swgŠ—). this agreement will be for the purpose of transporting gas on the tw system utilizing red rock expansion capacity from various receipt points in the east of thoreau area to the tw/socal gas topock pipeline interconnect in mohave county, arizona. type of service: firm transportation service primary receipt points: west texas pool central pool panhandle pool alternate receipt points: east of thoreau area only primary delivery point: proposed tw/socal gas topock interconnect in mohave county, arizona quantity: mmbtu/d term: november through march (five months) annually, years effective date: november rate: a one-part rate of mmbtu/d. for every year after the first year, the rate will escalate by mmbtu per year not to exceed transwestern's maximum tariff rate. fuel: tariff fuel this offer will remain in effect for a term of days from the date of this letter. this offer is subject to capacity availability at the time a formal request for firm transportation is submitted by shipper. service will be in accordance with transwesternŠ—Ès ferc gas tariff. the consummation of this proposed transaction is subject to the execution of a definitive firm transportation agreement. please feel free to call us should you wish to discuss, we would be happy to answer any questions you may have. we look forward to working with you in this endeavor. sincerely, steven m. harris vice president transwestern commercial group "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" i'm the lower right hand corner of the matrix (which i think, is like, entj, or entp, or something), which i think translates to anarchist.... guinney, mark am to: cc: subject: re: info you must be an s(ensing) on the myers briggs test. see you tonight. "" "	Personalfull day url 	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: hourahead schedule download failed. manual intervention required. 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. variances detected. variances detected in load schedule. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final ---- load schedule ---- $$$ variance found in table tblloads. details: (hour: / preferred: / final: trans_type: final load_id: mkt_type: trans_date: sc_id: enrj 	Business"east of atlanta sonat max rate (zone transco - mommentum transco - mommentum transco (zone to transco (zone to forward curve - comment sonat max rate tier ii (zone to tier ii (zone to max rate (zone to max rate (zone to demand chg. $ $ $ commodity $ $- $- $ $ fuel percentage fuel $ $ $ $ $ total $ $ $ load factor avg. rate $ $ $ $ $ basis $ $ avg. delivered price $ $ $ $ $ less sonat back-haul netback @ elba load factor $ $ $ $ $ netback @ elba load factor $ $ $ $ $ west of atlanta towards alabama goat rock/autaugaville transco - mommentum transco - mommentum comment sonat discounted tier i (zone to sta. tier i (zone to sta. demand chg. commodity $ $- $- fuel percentage fuel $ $ $ total $ $ $ load factor avg. rate $ $ $ basis $ avg. delivered price $ $ $ less sonat back-haul netback @ elba load factor $ $ $ netback @ elba load factor $ $ $ goat rock/autagaville assumption discounted rate of demand increases with gdp deflator not to exceed max rate (currently at assumption is an avg. rate of or "" "	Neutral" if your do not see our email in seconds, please go to http://www.enerfaxdaily.com to today's gas & power prices & news. <iframe src=http://www.enerfax.com <div><font face=arial your email does not support this web version, please subscribe to the free text version by writing <a please visit our website to view today's gas and power prices and news by clicking <a href=http://www.enerfax.com>http://www.enerfax.com <div>&nbsp; delete by forwarding to or send a blank email to "" "	Business" uh, were you able to get the price series for mth? thanks dirk "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal"october outline of cpuc concerns regarding transwesternŠ—Ès initial settlement offer: tariff provisions regarding operational capacity: does not contain sufficiently detailed description of Š—“operational capacity.Š— should be distinguished from other types of capacity, including unsubscribed capacity. specific sources of Š—“operational capacityŠ— should be explicitly stated. with respect to the proposed definition of operational capacity at the bottom of page of your october letter, the use of the phrase Š—“such asŠ— removes any limiting feature that would define and distinguish operational capacity from any other type of capacity. because use of Š—“such asŠ— indicates transwesternŠ—Ès operational capacity is derived from sources other than lower winter ambient temperatures and related compressor efficiencies, we would suggest a more specific definition, naming all the sources of capacity transwestern uses for Š—“operational capacity.Š— if transwestern uses unscheduled firm capacity of other subscribers, or capacity held for firm service reliability (with the amount of such firm service reliability held specifically identified in related tariff sheets), those sources should be identified. does not contain sufficiently detailed description of the kind of service available for Š—“operational capacity.Š— are all services available? which services are not available? how can capacity available only when ambient temperatures reach a certain point be guaranteed for firm service? how can transwestern guarantee firm service for capacity that exceeds its design capabilities, including receipt and delivery points design capabilities? what kind of capacity is sold as interruptible service? does not contain sufficiently detailed description of the kind of rates that transwestern will consider for Š—“operational capacityŠ— given the nature of the sources of the capacity? for example, will operational capacity always be sold at a one-part rate? without a reservation charge? with only a usage charge? with roll-over rights? does not indicate specifically how transwestern will assure that its recourse rate is always available for all services and for all capacity, including operational capacity, how and when the shipper is notified of the availability of the capacity requested at the recourse rate. does not clearly explain how competing bids are evaluated when recourse rates and negotiated rates are bid for the same capacity. fercŠ—Ès adamant requirement that the recourse rate be actually available as a real, viable alternative to shippers would require that available capacity, including operational capacity, be prorated first to meet the requests of shippers who opt for the recourse rate. any remaining available capacity could then be allocated among the shippers bidding negotiated rates (assuming they are other than a fixed rate below the recourse rate). unless shippers who bid the recourse rate can obtain the capacity they want without having to also bid a negotiated rate, the fercŠ—Ès justification and rationale for permitting negotiated rates is eviscerated. it is also not clear that ferc policy would permit the npv of a negotiated rate that is based on future price factors to be evaluated according to factors available at the time of evaluating bids. does not indicate the kind of service and rates to which roll-over rights will be available or will not be available. b. tariff provisions for negotiated rates the definition of the term Š—“negotiated rateŠ— as proposed on page of your october letter does not distinguish it from a market rate or from a market-based rate. because transwestern is not authorized to use market rates or market-based rates for transportation rates, the distinction should be specifically explained and perhaps illustrated in the tariff so that shippers understand the available bid alternatives. also, after reviewing the references offered in support of twŠ—Ès claim that the ferc has established precedent for allowing natural gas market indices differentials to be used in negotiated transportation rates, we do not believe that precedent is in fact established or legally binding. "" "	Businessi also know that florida beat the piss out of msu and seems to have a much better defense than in past years. :) 	Personal" gerald: i have reviewed the documents, and i only have a few proposed changes. on the responses indicating that brickhill is providing, i would add on behalf of the chicago project shipper group at the end of each response. that would clarify that he is not answering individually for ena. we can ask doug or kim about this on the conference call. in fact, we might not even need to include those questions where brickhill is providing the answers. if you haven't already caught it, on response to pan alberta/pagus, the left margin is not right (at least on my copy). on response to ngpl, i would change the response to enron north america is not providing a reponse to this data request. please see objection of the chicago project shippers group dated may on responses and change the last word to analyses. on response fix the unnecessary hyphen in (opera-tionally, . . . when you have the final reports from juanita, i would like to take a look at the finished product before we send it to doug and kim. thanks. to: rebecca w cc: steve van subject: responses to data request please see the attached. i am still trying to obtain the doe reports for canada from juanita marchand for question of the pan alberta. any help you could give me there would be greatly appreciated. "" "	Business"paul lokay michelle mcconnell mark x-sdoc: x-zlid: this is the list of shippers by ft volume contracted. dennis gave us all shippers and above. tk "" "	Business" carol st. clair eb (phone) (fax) ----- forwarded by carol st clair/hou/ect on pm ----- carol st clair pm to: rhonda l cc: susan wendy subject: mega assignment rhonda: enclosed is a clean and marked version of the mega assignment. is the plan to confirm these trades under the existing master with morgan until a new eei master is executed? what is the cutoff date for this assignment? carol st. clair eb (phone) (fax) "" "	Businessstart date: hourahead hour: no ancillary schedules awarded. no variances detected. log messages: parsing file -->> o:\portland\westdesk\california scheduling\iso final 	Business[internetshortcut] 	Neutral[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal" the fuel assumptions to be backed-out of the spread should be: - san juan to ca - permian to ca - on san juan to ca - on permian to ca please let me know if anyone disagrees with the assu "" "	Business" click to apply today!!! if you do not wish to receive future mailings, click here to unsubscribe. "" "	Neutralyou have received this email because you are listed as a data approver. please click to review and act upon this request. request id : request create date : pm requested for : resource name : enpower north america west production risk_mgmt - risk information access resource type : applications 	Business" are you tired of feeling over weight and sluggish? shave off inches of ugly fat in one hour *guaranteed*!!!breakthrough technology helps you **lose inches now**, tightens skin, cleanses and detoxifies your system. the heavier you are, the more you will lose. if you are pounds or more overweight, you should expect to lose or more inches of fat!!!women lose inches from their arms and thighs men lose inches in their belly area!!!click here to melt away inches now! please click here to be excluded from further communication "" "	Personal"[caledonia power i letterhead] march __, via overnight courier [note: need to confirm address for notices under section of interconnect agreement has not been changed by notice to ena] tennessee valley authority market street, mr ba chattanooga, tennessee attention: general manager, electric system operations reference: interconnection agreement between tennessee valley authority (Š—“tvaŠ—) and caledonia power i, l.l.c. (Š—“caledoniaŠ—) dated as of march (Š—“agreementŠ—) re: notice of proposed modifications to caledonia interconnection facilities ladies and gentlemen: this letter serves as notice to tva, pursuant to sections and of the agreement, that caledonia or an affiliate thereof (collectively, Š—“caledoniaŠ—) proposes to construct or cause to be constructed certain proposed modifications to the existing interconnection facilities of the caledonia generating facility (the Š—“facilityŠ—). such modifications, which are further described below, will be located at the site and will be used in connection with the operation of the facility and the transmission of power therefrom. caledonia also is contemplating the construction of an approximately mile long kv transmission line segment and an associated substation that would enable the facility to be interconnected with the transmission system of alabama power, a southern company utility affiliate (Š—“southernŠ—), at __________ (collectively, the Š—“southern interconnectŠ—), resulting in the facility being interconnected to both the tva and southern transmission systems. caledonia presently is engaged in discussions with southern about the nature and terms of the southern interconnect. while certain details still may be subject to minor variations, the present plan is that upon completion southern would own the newly constructed substation and caledonia would own the interconnecting transmission level line running from the facilityŠ—Ès switchyard to the substation. caledonia wishes to commence the installation of the southern interconnect as soon as possible, but in any event not later than [_____, the installation of the southern interconnect will necessitate the installation of certain breakers and associated equipment [more detail] at the facility that will interface with and affect the coordination and operation of the caledonia interconnection facilities in conjunction with the southern interconnect. attached to this notice are the proposed diagrams and specifications for the modifications to the caledonia interconnection facilities, which diagrams and specifications are hereby submitted for tvaŠ—Ès review and approval pursuant to section of the agreement. [as required by the agreement, the diagrams and specifications were prepared consistent with good engineering practice and specify the equipment to be used as to manufacturer, model, type, technical specifications and other pertinent information, as required by the agreement. caledonia will reimburse tva for the actual costs of any work performed in connection with its review of the diagrams and specifications as provided in section of the agreement.] caledonia does not believe that, consistent with good utility practice, any modifications to the tva interconnection facilities, or a new system impact study, would or should be necessary or appropriate as a result of these modifications to the caledonia interconnection facilities (or the installation of the southern interconnect). the engineering firm assisting caledonia on these projects has certified to caledonia that both the installation of the breakers and associated equipment and the southern interconnect will not adversely affect the reliability, safety or operation of the tva system as compared to the current configurement of the facility and its interconnection facilities. [perhaps include a more specific engineering supported reason.] because time is of the essence for caledonia in connection with the commencement of these projects, caledonia requests that, as provided in section of the agreement, tva provide notice of acceptance or disapproval of the diagrams and specifications within sixty days of the date of receipt by tva of this notice, together with, if the modifications are not approved for some reason, an explanation of the reasons therefor and a description of the specific changes that would render the diagrams and specifications acceptable, pursuant to the standard of review therefor as provided in section and with respect to the safety and efficiency of tvaŠ—Ès system and employees as provided in section [caledonia does not anticipate that any of the work to be performed in connection with the installation of the southern interconnect would directly or indirectly have an adverse effect on the tva control area or other electric systems but should caledonia determine that such [might possibly] be the case it will provide the notice thereof to tvaŠ—Ès transmission security and services personnel as contemplated by section of the agreement.] caledonia does not believe that any amendment to the agreement is required to make the modifications to the caledonia interconnection facilities or to install the southern interconnect. rather, caledonia would propose to supplement, pursuant to section of the agreement, the operating procedures for the facility. oversight of the types of operational changes that arise on account of the southern interconnect are expressly delegated to the operating committee (see, e.g., sections (matters pertaining to changes or additions to the interconnection facilities) and (d) (clearances and switching practices, daily estimates of capacity and energy, etc.)). once you have had an opportunity to review the diagrams and specifications for the proposed modifications, we would like to meet with you at your earliest convenience to determine what operating policies tva may reasonably require with respect to the operation of the facility, taking into account the dual interconnect. by way of illustration, caledonia would propose to put in place procedures that would permit switching between the southern and tva interconnects only during off peak hours [and would be willing to discuss with tva providing tva with the responsibility for implementing such switches if tva viewed it desirable to have that capability]. [insert other restrictions we may be willing to offer up upfront]. affiliates of caledonia recently have successfully negotiated analogous types of operating parameters for a merchant plant that is interconnected with each of ipl and cinergy. caledonia believes that similar types of parameters should be workable in this case. lastly, although not relevant for purposes of tvaŠ—Ès review and approval of certain modifications pursuant to section caledonia further notes that the construction and operation of the modifications to the caledonia interconnection facilities and the installation of the southern interconnect should not have an adverse economic effect on tva. caledonia will pay all of the costs and expenses associated with tvaŠ—Ès review of any plans, procedures, etc., as may be applicable, that may result from the proposed modifications and the installation and operation of the southern interconnect. moreover, even if caledoniaŠ—Ès utilization of the southern interconnect may result in some reduction in the transmission revenues realized by tva from caledonia or the purchasers of power therefrom, we note that in a very analogous circumstance involving a dual interconnect arrangement Š—” namely, the batesville plant owned or operated by lsp that is interconnected both with tva and entergy Š—–- tva effectively agreed in the interconnect agreement for that plant to waive any otherwise applicable tva transmission charge in the event the plant designates tva as the control area and requests tva to deliver energy from the plant to entergyŠ—Ès transmission system. we are not aware of any fact or circumstance that would justify tva discriminating against caledonia with respect to a very similar dual interconnect arrangement when it clearly has agreed to similar arrangements with other plant owners. please call the udersigned at if you have any questions on the foregoing or need any further information. we look forward to working with you to implement the modification to the operating procedures necessary to permit the construction and operation of the modifications to the caledonia interconnection facilities and the southern interconnect. very truly yours, capitalized terms used but defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the agreement. approval is not being sought for the diagrams of and specifications for the southern interconnect, but only for the actual modifications to the caledonia interconnection facilities. the southern interconnect is not being installed in order to interconnect and deliver facility electrical output from the facility to tvaŠ—Ès transmission system, and therefore, is not included within Š—“interconnection facilities,Š— as such term is defined and covered under the terms of the agreement with respect to such approval of diagrams and specifications. however, caledonia will provide tva personnel such access to the facility and the southern interconnect as tva may request pursuant to section of the agreement for the purposes set forth therein. probably would omit this sentence relating to section need to discuss whether we want to mention this other situation. are there facts we donŠ—Èt know that could hurt our use of it as an analogous circumstance; for e.g., with respect to the Š—“freeŠ— transmission of power to the entergy system? "" "	Business"comments of enron canada corp. on the proposed amendments to the retail settlements code the boardŠ—Ès letter of july regarding self-certification was addressed only to the licensed electricity distributors in the province. however, other classes of licensed market participants, such as retailers, have a legitimate and substantial interest in the market readiness process and the timing of market opening. retailers such as enron canada corp. have invested heavily in the development of the business processes, information systems and supply arrangements necessary to support participation in the ontario retail electricity market. unlike licensed distributors, retailers cannot recover the cost of any of these investments until the market opens. accordingly, enron canada assumes that the fact that the boardŠ—Ès letter was addressed to distributors only was not meant to preclude consideration by the board of submissions by other stakeholders, such as retailers, with a legitimate and substantial interest in the issues raised by the boardŠ—Ès letter. enron canada is very disappointed by the boardŠ—Ès proposal to delay the filing date for the second self-certification report from august to december that disappointment is undoubtedly shared by many stakeholders. the boardŠ—Ès proposal is evidently based on the boardŠ—Ès assessment of the self-certification reports delivered by distributors on july however, neither those reports nor the data therein has yet been made public. enron canada submits that, in the absence of the public release of those reports and the boardŠ—Ès assessments thereof, no stakeholder can be expected to comment on the need for or propriety of the proposed four month delay. in order to comment on the proposed delay, stakeholders reasonably need answers to the following questions: what are the particular facts that led the board to determine that a four month delay was necessary? which distributors indicated that they will be ready on time? which distributors indicated that they will not be ready on time? in what areas of system development are the distributors behind schedule? what steps have been taken by the board and the boardŠ—Ès consultants to assess the accuracy of the self-certification reports? assuming the accuracy of the self-certification reports, what steps remain to be taken by the distributors, the board and others (i.e. ebt developers) to complete retail system development? what confidence is there that distributors and others will take the steps necessary to meet the proposed new deadline for the stage self-certification filing? what steps is the board prepared to take to address any non-compliance with the proposed new deadline for stage self-certification? what contingency plans has the board developed or will the board develop in order to allow the market to open in accordance with the governmentŠ—Ès announced deadline for opening the market Š—“by may even though some distributors may not comply with the proposed new deadline for the stage self-certification filing? what Š—“minimum conditionsŠ— must be satisfied in order for the board to determine that the retail market is ready (i.e. what number of distributors, representing what proportion of consumers, must be ready)? as matters stand, the proposed delay in the deadline for stage self-certification will further erode the credibility of the ontario restructuring process among those who have committed significant resources to ontario and who are contemplating the commitment of further resources. the successful transition to and operation of the new competitive environment depends to a large extent on continuing investment and commercial activity by entities such as enron canada and other retailers. ontario cannot expect such entities to stay interested in and continue to commit resources to the provinceŠ—Ès electricity sector in the absence of strong assurances that the outstanding issues in the retail sector will be resolved quickly and that further delay in attaining retail market readiness will not be tolerated. the boardŠ—Ès letter indicates that, in early august, the board will issue jointly with the imo a revised market readiness plan. the preparation and publication of that revised market readiness plan presents a real opportunity to bolster the credibility of the restructuring process. on the wholesale side, the imoŠ—Ès uncoupled odr was an outstanding success. on the retail side, the information in the stage self-certification reports should give the board and stakeholders a clearer indication of what work remains to be done. accordingly, the revised market readiness plan should do the following: identify the outstanding issues; set out a clear plan and timetable for addressing those issues; confirm what the consequences (penalties, etc.) will be for those market participants who do not meet the self-certification and other deadlines; clarify what minimum conditions must be satisfied in order to attain market readiness at the wholesale and retail levels; clarify what contingency plans the board and the imo have developed or will develop in order to allow the market to open, even though some market participants may not be ready; and set out a firm date for the opening of the ontario wholesale and retail markets. enron canada looks forward to working with the board, the imo and other stakeholders to ensure that the ontario electricity market opens as soon as possible and, in any event, no later than the Š—“by may deadline set by the government. aleck dadson senior director, government affairs enron canada corp. Š—– york street toronto, on tel: fax: e-mail: "" "	Business" thanks, lisa. i appreciate it. john was asking me to call you and aleck. rosalee lisa am to: kenneth cc: subject: summary as per your request, i attach a copy of the summary with the latest changes. this is the copy which was sent to mr. lavorato and his assistant. regards, lisa per: aleck dadson "" "	Business" today, enron hosted a conference call to give investors a current overview of the company. here's an update of what we discussed during the call. we told investors that we're doing everything we can to protect their interests and to regain their confidence. our focus remains on our credit quality, balance sheet and liquidity, which are essential for our continued success and expansion of our wholesale businesses. it took more than a few weeks to get where we are today. here's a snapshot of significant events that led to our current situation: -- in hindsight, we definitely made some very bad investments in our non-core businesses over the past several years. those include investments in azurix, india and brazil. they have performed far worse that we could have ever imagined when we made these investments; -- because of these bad investments, we've become over-leveraged as a company. the negative impact of those investments was exacerbated through the extensive use of debt capital both on and off our balance sheet; -- we also entered into related party transactions that led to a loss of investor confidence, which has been very damaging; -- we've been criticized for our lack of transparency and our hard-to-understand financial and operating disclosures; and -- on top of it all, we discovered errors in our financial statements, as discussed in our filing last week, that required a restatement of previously reported earnings. we've taken a new look at our businesses and have separated them into three areas: core businesses, non-core businesses, and businesses under review. core businesses our core businesses remain strong and consistent sources of significant earnings and cash flows for the company. they're our competitive advantage. these include: -- natural gas pipeline businesses; -- gas and power businesses in north america and europe; -- retail businesses in north america and europe; and -- coal businesses in north america and europe. the events of the past few weeks have had a temporary negative impact on our projected fourth quarter profitability. it's too early to tell at this time what impact this might have on our operating results. we are considering these actions now so that we can quickly return to normal business in i also remain optimistic that the actions we've taken over the past couple of weeks have addressed our customer and counterparty credit and liquidity concerns. according to our business unit leaders, we have definitely seen improvement in our counterparty relationships. non-core businesses our non-core businesses include our global assets group and our broadband division. we have invested more than billion in these businesses, and the return from them has been dismal. we have an aggressive program in place to exit these businesses and expect that the sale of these businesses will generate billions of dollars in cash that we can use to repay debt and reinvest in our core businesses. we already have more than million in assets contracted for sale this year. they include ceg rio, a gas ldc in brazil; ecoelectrica, a power plant and lng receiving terminal in puerto rico; and asset sales of offshore oil and gas properties in india. the approximately billion portland general sale is also on target to close in late pending regulatory approvals. businesses under review these businesses are comprised of those operations outside our power and gas wholesale businesses and include global and industrial markets. while several of these businesses have very strong future prospects, we need to determine if their capital requirements and near-term growth prospects are sufficient enough in terms of earnings and cash generation. reviewing our businesses this way will help determine where we need to make reductions to our work force. more information will follow as soon as it becomes available. credit filing we continue to meet regularly with credit rating agencies and believe that our liquidity enhancements and scheduled asset sales will strengthen our balance sheet and maintain our investment grade credit rating. our current credit ratings by the three major rating agencies are as follows: -- moody's at under review for further downgrade -- fitch at bbb- evolving status -- s&p at bbb- creditwatch negative we also discussed our existing financial vehicles, including osprey, marlin and yosemite, in further detail. we told investors that we will file our five days late due to our current activities. it will be filed on nov. we will continue to have updates with investors over the coming weeks as well as our frequent updates with you. the full transcript of our conference call will be filed with the securities and exchange commission in the next few days. it will also be posted on our web site at www.enron.com/corp/investors under sec filings. in connection with the proposed transactions, dynegy and enron will file a joint proxy statement/prospectus with the securities and exchange commission. investors and security holders are urged to carefully read the joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transactions when it becomes available, because it will contain important information. investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when it is available) and other documents containing information about dynegy and enron, without charge, at the sec's web site at www.sec.gov. copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus and the sec filings that will be incorporated by reference in the joint proxy statement/prospectus may also be obtained for free by directing a request to either: investor relations, dynegy inc., louisiana, suite houston, tx phone: fax: or investor relations, enron corp., enron building, smith street, houston, tx phone: fax: in addition, the identity of the persons who, under sec rules, may be considered participants in the solicitation of dynegy and enron shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions, and any description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, are available in an sec filing under schedule made by each of dynegy and enron. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" calendar entry: event description: date: duration (days): chairperson: outlook migration team detailed description: "" "	Business" so who's actually going? ---------- original message ---------------------------------- from: date: thu, dec est >it's official! tix have been purchased for the dralion show on february at >we are sitting in section which is to the side of the stage. tickets >(including service charge) are each. >if you have decided that you cannot attend, please let me know asap so that i >can try to get these out to someone else. > >www.cirquedusoleil.com > > > > ________________________________________________________________ sent via the webmail system at "" "	Personal[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personalthe result of the cy- fair footballs oldest rivalry the packers top the bears to 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Personal[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Business"calpine daily gas nomination to: enron capital & trade resources attn: aimee lannou aimee. telephone: from: ricky archer telephone: nomination for the day of: (nomination due by am day before) baseload volume (bv) incremental volume (iv) (mmbtu/day) profile volume nomination (Š—“pfvŠ—): transported volume resulting nominated volume (Š—“nvŠ—): minimum nominated volume (Š—“mnvŠ—): maximum nominated volume (Š—“maxnvŠ—): (note: maxnv <= mmbtu) peaking volume nomination (Š—“pkvŠ—) (note: maxnv+pkv <= resulting minimum hourly volume (Š—“minhvŠ—) maximum hourly volume (Š—“maxhvŠ—) other: (special nomination notes) . "" "	Business" enron has been increasing security at its facilities around the world. some of the changes took effect immediately (e.g. additional security personnel) and some are phasing in. while not all of the changes will be visible, there are a few that will have an impact on everyday activities. in all the steps we take and recommendations we make, we will be making our facilities and systems more secure and endeavoring to increase your sense of security, while doing our best to minimize disruption to our day-to-day business. primary responsibility for enron corp. security resides in our business controls organization. you can contact this organization through their website (<http://home.enron.com/security>), by phone or by email john brindle, senior director, business controls, leads this organization. please feel free to provide john and his team with your comments and questions, or to report security threats. we have two areas to update you on: changes in the access procedures for the enron center campus in houston and changes to our travel advisory. access to the enron center over the next few days, the following access control procedures will be instituted at the enron center (and other facilities where practical): Îà as employees swipe their badges at the card readers to enter the enron center, a guard will match the photo on the badge to the bearer. Îà employees and contractors who forget their badges must present a valid picture id to obtain access to the enron center (u.s. driver's license, u.s. or foreign passport, or some form of u.s. federal, state or local identification). Îà visitors to the enron center must produce a valid photo id when signing in at the lobby reception desk and must completely fill out the visitor card. adult visitors without a valid photo id (u.s. driver's license, u.s. or foreign passport, or some form of u.s. federal, state or local identification) will not be allowed access to the enron center. Îà visitors to enron facilities must be escorted by an enron employee or badged contractor at all times. Îà visitors to the enron center will be met in the lobby by an enron employee or badged contractor, signed into a visitor's log at the lobby reception area by the employee or badged contractor, and escorted to their appointment. at the conclusion of the appointment, the visitor will be escorted to the lobby by an employee or badged contractor, the visitor badge collected, and the visitor signed out in the log at the plaza reception area by the escorting employee or badged contractor. Îà employees are also being asked to participate in the security of their workplace by following these guidelines; report suspicious activity to security (phone do not open secured doors for individuals unknown to you or hold doors open, allowing tail gating by others. these will be the first in a series of new security procedures to be instituted at enron. we ask that all employees be patient during congested times in the lobby. as we proceed and obtain increased guard personnel and equipment, we expect the inconvenience to decrease. we hope you understand these measures are being instituted for the security of all our employees. travel advisory update with the beginning of retaliatory strikes, we have two important recommendations: Îà while the retaliatory strikes are ongoing, corporate security recommends that travel through or to the middle east be avoided. we continue to strongly recommend that all travel during this time to afghanistan, yemen, pakistan, indonesia, iran, iraq, sudan, somalia, tajikistan, turkmenistan, georgia, and the kyrgyz republic be canceled. in addition, we recommend that planned travel to egypt, israel, gaza/west bank, jordan, lebanon, saudi arabia, syria, and algeria be very carefully considered. Îà for non-u.s. citizens traveling in the united states, corporate security recommends that you carry documentation. there have been several recent reports of non-u.s. citizens who reside in the united states being questioned and asked for documentation when boarding u.s. domestic flights. as a result, we suggest that all non-u.s. citizens who currently reside in the united states - and who do not have permanent resident alien status - carry their passport, form and form at all times. we would also suggest that permanent resident aliens carry their permanent resident (green) card as proof of their status as a precautionary measure. it appears that immigration officials may be applying a section of the immigration and nationality act that requires individuals over the age of to carry his/her registration documentation with them at all times. this can include a permanent resident card, form card, employment authorization card, border crossing card, or a temporary resident card. immigration officials have not historically been asking domestic travelers for registration documentation, but in light of the heightened security measures and current atmosphere, it would be best to be prepared with all of your documentation proving your current lawful status. we will keep you apprised of new information and developments on the corporate security website and by e-mail, as appropriate. "" "	Business"nuclear outage knock-in call option long description us pwr fin pjm peak usd/mwh by submitting a transaction request via enrononline for this product, you expressly acknowledge and agree that the general terms and conditions (gtc), which you are required to accept before transacting on this product, will govern this transaction, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the electronic trading agreement or otherwise. a us power financial knock-in call option transaction with enron north america corp. (Š—“enaŠ—) under which buyer shall pay seller on the premium payment date a premium payment equal to the product of (i) the amount submitted by buyer via the website, (ii) the notional quantity and (iii) the number of peak hours during the term of the transaction, and seller shall pay buyer an amount (if any) for each peak hour during a knock-in event equal to the product of (i) the notional quantity and (ii) the excess of the floating price over the strike price (the Š—“cash settlement amountŠ—). if for any peak hour the floating price is equal to or less than the strike price, then no payment shall be due with respect to such peak hour. the total cash settlement amount for each determination period shall be the lesser of (i) the sum of the actual cash settlement amounts for all peak hours during such determination period; or (ii) us dollars (the Š—“total cash settlement amountŠ—). the notional quantity per determination period shall be the volume submitted by the buyer on the website. each calendar month during the term of the transaction will be a determination period; provided, that if the term of the transaction is less than one calendar month, the determination period shall be the term of the transaction. the premium payment date will be three days after the trade date of the transaction. the total cash settlement amount will be payable by the thirtieth calendar day following the last day of the determination period (the Š—“payment dateŠ—). a Š—“knock-in eventŠ— is the contemporaneous covered outage of [one/two/three] of the nuclear units in the outage index. an outage of a unit otherwise meeting the definition of a covered outage that is caused by or results from, either directly or indirectly, force majeure shall in no event be included as a covered outage for purposes of determining the occurrence of a knock-in event, even if the force majeure is not the immediate proximate cause of the covered outage. a knock-in event will be begin on the later of (i) a.m. e.p.t. on the first day the knock-in event occurs or (ii) a.m. e.p.t. on the effective date. a knock-in event will conclude upon the earlier of (i) the expiration of peak hours from the beginning of the knock-in event; (ii) p.m. e.p.t. on the last day during which there are contemporaneous covered outages of at least [one/two/three] of the nuclear units listed in the outage index; or (iii) p.m. e.p.t. on the termination date. more than one knock-in event may occur during the determination period. a Š—“covered outageŠ— occurs with respect to a particular unit when the percent power (% pwr) reported in the plant status report (or any successor report thereto) of the u.s. nuclear regulatory commission (the Š—“nrcŠ—) as currently located at www.nrc.gov, or any successor thereto, under the heading Š—“nuclear reactorsŠ— for that unit for a particular day is or below. if the percent power for a particular unit is or below for consecutive hours immediately preceding the beginning of what would otherwise qualify as a knock-in event, the outage of such unit that would otherwise meet the definition of a covered outage will not be considered to be a covered outage. for purposes of confirming the existence of a covered outage, if the percent power (% pwr) reported in the plant status report of the nrc is subsequently corrected and the correction is published or announced by the nrc within days of the original publication, either party may notify the other of the correction. if such notice is provided within the days of the original publication, the outage will be reclassified as a covered outage or as an outage that is not covered, as applicable, and the obligations hereunder will be modified according to such reclassification. in the event of a correction that results in seller being required to pay a cash settlement amount hereunder, the payment date shall be extended until business days following the date on which seller was notified by buyer, or notified buyer, as the case may be, of the correction. outage index: plant name location hope creek unit delaware oystern creek unit new jersey salem unit delaware salem unit delaware limerick unit pennsylvania limerick unit pennsylvania peach bottom unit pennsylvania peach bottom unit pennsylvania susquehanna unit pennsylvania susquehanna unit pennsylvania three mile island unit pennsylvania calvert cliffs unit maryland calvert cliffs unit maryland Š—“force majeureŠ— shall mean any one of the following events, as determined by ena in its sole discretion: any flood, earth movement, tornado, named storm, fire, solar flare, magnetic disturbance, civil disturbance, sabotage, terrorism, act of the public enemy, labor dispute, any official governmental, court, regulatory or control area order, proceeding or action, or the willful act of the counterparty. economic hardship shall not constitute force majeure pursuant to this transaction. the transaction is for the applicable hours as set forth herein on each delivery day for the effective date jul to the termination date jul the floating price for each peak hour during a determination period shall be the hourly locational marginal price for electricity delivered at the western hub of the pennsylvania-new jersey-maryland interconnection during the peak hour as published by pjm interconnection, llc (Š—“pjmŠ—) on the pjm official web site currently located at ftp://www.pjm.com/pub/account/lmp/index.html, or any successor thereto, under the heading Š—“pjm-locational marginal pricing filesŠ— (which after the appropriate date is selected, identifies the hourly prices next to the caption Š—“western hubŠ—). for purposes of determining the floating price for any peak hour, if the price published or announced for a given hour and used or to be used by ena to determine the floating price is subsequently corrected and the correction is published or announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement within six months of the original publication or announcement, either party may notify the other party of (i) that correction and (ii) the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of the correction. if, not later than six months after publication or announcement of that correction, a party gives notice that an amount is so payable, the party that originally either received or retained such amount will, not later than three business days after the effectiveness of that notice, pay, subject to any applicable conditions precedent, to the other party that amount, together with interest on that amount at the interest rate for the period from and including the day on which a payment originally was (or was not) made to but excluding the day of payment of refund or payment resulting from that correction. the strike price shall be per mwh. the strike price is quoted in us dollars per unit of volume, which will be the contractual currency. the unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be megawatt-hours (mwh) and the notional quantity shall be in mwŠ—Ès delivered in each applicable hour during the duration of the transaction. the transaction is for on-peak (Š—“peakŠ—) hours on each delivery day beginning with the hour ending a.m.) and concluding with the hour ending p.m.) eastern prevailing time. Š—“delivery dayŠ— means a day during the term of the transaction that is a monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday or friday, excluding any day that is a nerc holiday. "" "	Business" brenda was a test. stratego failed. this email is yet more evidence. the fact that stratego was not aggressively machinating does not impress me in the least. the fact that you are still representing makes me sad. asking for props? please, dude, the depths of your selfishness have yet to be established. don't treat me like a fool or one of your bitches. take a moment and peer inside - that tinge of guilt? that's what i'm talking about. in any case, i don't plan on claiming anyone again. "" "	Business"draft march nui corp. by and through its division, elizabethtown gas company route bedminister, nj transaction agreement this transaction agreement shall form and effectuate the agreement between nui corp. by and through its division, elizabethtown gas company marketing (nui and customer) and enron north america corp. (ena and company) regarding the terms of purchase and sale of gas. nui to purchase and receive (buyer) and ena to sell and deliver (seller) delivery point daily contract quantity contract price transcontinental gas pipe line corp. zone pooling point mmbtu per mmbtu texas eastern transmission corp. east louisiana zone mmbtu per mmbtu period of delivery: april through october other terms: notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the agreement (defined below), nui will pay ena in five equal payments in the amount of each payment on the following dates: december january february march and april this transaction agreement is being provided pursuant to and in accordance with the master firm purchase/sales agreement dated effective as of april between customer and company (the agreement), and constitutes part of and is subject to all of the terms and provisions of such agreement. all capitalized terms herein used, but not defined, shall have the meanings set forth in the agreement. please confirm that the terms stated herein accurately reflect the agreement reached between company and customer by returning an executed copy of this letter to company. nui corp. by and through its division, elizabethtown gas company enron north america corp. by: _________________________________ by: __________________________ title ________________________________ title _________________________ date_________________________________ date _________________________ o:common\legal\sdickson\confirm\nui.doc "" "	Business[internetshortcut] businessurl 	Neutralfull day url 	Neutral"post id book id status trade grp. admin. position cand-bc-gd-xl-bas active cad gas bgillis n cand-bc-gd-xl-gdl active cad gas bgillis n cand-bc-gd-xl-prc active cad gas bgillis n ft-cand-bc-gd-gdl active cad gas bgillis n ft-cand-egsc-bo-prc active cad gas bgillis n ft-cand-mt-xl-bas active cad gas bgillis n ft-cand-mt-xl-prc active cad gas bgillis n ft-cand-rolloff-prc active cad gas bgillis n cand-gd-bas active cad gas bkristj n cand-gd-gdl active cad gas bkristj n cand-gd-prc active cad gas bkristj n ft-cand-egsc-a-bas active cad gas ctorres n ft-cand-egsc-a-prc active cad gas nlaporte n coal-syn-xl-bas active us coal bwachte n coal-erms-xl-prc active us coal jcho n bw-bwtbench-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtbench-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtne-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtne-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtnw-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtnw-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtse-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtse-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtsw-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-bwtsw-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-exec-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-lloopnw-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-lloopnw-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-lloopsw-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-lloopsw-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-transit-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-transit-mtm-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-transport-mtm-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-transprt-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-trmgmt-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n bwasiipt-prc active us ebs gstadle n bwasilht-prc active us ebs gstadle n bwasillt-prc active us ebs gstadle n e-storage-acc-prc active us ebs gstadle n ebs-adv-prc active us ebs gstadle n bw-dram-prc active us ebs rthibodeau n ebs-dram-prc active us ebs rthibodeau n ews-rtl-east-ng-prc active us ees gas dvinson n dub-eeseam-xl-bas active us ees gas mhwang n dub-eeseam-xl-prc active us ees gas mhwang n dub-int-phy active us ees gas mhwang n dub-opt-bas active us ees gas mhwang n dub-opt-prc active us ees gas mhwang n ees-books-enpower active us ees power jjackson n active us enovate n frt-exotic-prc active us freight mperun n ft-east-bas active us gas east crabon n ft-east-idx active us gas east crabon n ft-east-prc active us gas east crabon n options-gdopt-gdi active us gas fin dthibaut n options-gdopt-gdl active us gas fin dthibaut n ft-us/cand-erms-gdl active us gas fin kloibl n ft-us/cand-erms-idx active us gas fin kloibl n oil-ng-hdg-spec active us gas fin kloibl n dbl-xl-trigger-prc active us grm rdusek n epmi-lt-ca-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-lt-nw-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-lt-plt-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-lt-sw-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-lt-wopts-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-st-ca-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-st-nw-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-st-plt-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-st-sw-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-st-whourly-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-st-wrock-prc active us power west hdunton n pwr-ng-ltsw-prc active us power west hdunton n pwr-ng-west-bas active us power west hdunton n pwr-ng-west-prc active us power west hdunton n epmi-calserv-prc active us power west jpostle n epmi-st-wserv-prc active us power west slaw n active us weather wkelly n active us weather wkelly n weather-europe-prc active us weather wkelly n weather-na-prc active us weather wkelly n weather-ng-prc active us weather wkelly n "" "	Business"automatic payroll deposit please print or type. employee ________________________________________________________________ phone ext. _________________________ company _______________________________________________________________ date ____/____/____ o addition o deletion o change checking account number _____________________________ bank location transit routing number (nine digits) savings account number ______________________________ bank location transit routing number (nine digits) action to be taken (funds may be allocated to a maximum of two accounts only. please allow one pay period to pass before your transaction is implemented.) o please deposit my entire payroll check in my checking account. o please deposit my entire payroll check in my savings account. o please start making an automatic savings deposit in the amount shown: $ _____________________ o please increase my automatic savings deposit to the amount shown: $ _____________________ o please decrease my automatic savings deposit to the amount shown: $ _____________________ o please eliminate the automatic savings deposit and deposit all funds in my checking account. o please discontinue depositing my paycheck and mail it to my home. you must furnish a copy of a cancelled check or a deposit slip with this form. i hereby authorize ubs and the bank indicated above to deposit my net pay or part of my net pay into my account automatically each pay day. i authorize ubs and the bank indicated above to deposit reimbursements due me for travel and entertainment expenses into my account automatically following receipt of valid and approved expense reports. i understand ubs reserves the right to reverse any such deposits, if necessary, to correct errors. i understand that it is my responsibility to notify the payroll in writing on a timely basis, should i change banks or bank account numbers. this authority shall remain in effect until i have cancelled it in writing. signature ________________________________________________________________ if you do not wish to turn this form in during orientation, you may send it directly to ubs payroll in stamford: washington blvd. stamford, ct attn: payroll "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" intercontinentalexchange firm power price bulletin for power delivered on wednesday, october (trade date of tuesday, october click here to access index history . * volume represents sell-side only * hub high low wtd avg index change ($) vol (mwh) cinergy + comed + entergy + nepool + pjm-west + tva + includes all trades done from am to am central prevailing time on the trade date specified for financially firm power delivered during the on-peak hours am - pm cpt for eastern hubs / am - pm pacific prevailing time for western hubs) on the delivery date(s) specified. intercontinentalexchange is the world's most liquid trading platform for over-the-counter energy and metals. active markets include north american power and natural gas, global crude and refined oil products, and precious metals. traded instruments include forwards, swaps, and options. in order to receive the proprietary information contained in this email, you acknowledge and agree that you shall not further disseminate the intercontinentalexchange market data contained herein to any person or entity without the express written consent of intercontinentalexchange. furthermore, you acknowledge that intercontinentalexchange has exclusive and valuable property rights in this data; intercontinentalexchange's data is being made available to you only for your own business or personal activities; and you cannot communicate the data, in any form, to any other person or entity without the express written consent of intercontinentalexchange. this data is provided to you free of charge. intercontinentalexchange reserves the right to cancel this service at any time for any reason or no reason at all. you agree that intercontinentalexchange does not make any representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to the data. to become an exchange participant or inquire about the indices, please contact . to unsubscribe from this service, click here unsubscribe . Î©copyright intercontinentalexchange, inc. all rights reserved. "" "	Business"kyle schultz, kim s theriot, christi l nicolay, leslie reeves, gretchen lotz, dean laurent, john d suarez, cara semperger, christian yoder, jan m king, mike swerzbin, mary hain, michael etringer, john malowney, elizabeth sager, laura jones, cyril price, james e terrell, corry bentley, matt lorenz, thresa a allen, david portz, sharen cason, veronica gonzalez, kimberly allen, william s bradford, debbie r brackett, christopher smith, brant reves, russell diamond, john suttle, tanya rohauer, rod nelson, stephanie piwetz, tom moran, leslie hansen, russell t kelley, stewart rosman, holli krebs, paul choi, chris h foster, sean crandall, diana scholtes, paul mead, jeff richter, phillip platter, smith l day, robert badeer, d brett hunsucker, kim ward, john m forney, edward d baughman, kayne coulter, john kinser, robert benson, larry valderrama, paul j broderick, edward sacks, janet h moore, janice r moore, shari stack, kevin m presto, rogers herndon, jesse bryson, stanley cocke, michael m driscoll, doug gilbert-smith, kimberly hundl, joy werner, elsie lew, dan houston, amy horton, kim durham, rhonda robinson, rudy acevedo, diana allen, ted ballinger, don baughman, lisa burnett, carla hoffman, mark guzman, larry f campbell, mike carson, alan chen, jason choate, lawrence clayton, kevin cline, terri clynes, keith comeaux, karla compean, jason crawford, mike curry, oscar dalton, clint dean, todd decook, george diaz, tom dutta, joe errigo, david fairley, miguel l garcia, gerald gilbert, joe gordon, brent hebert, juan hernandez, wayne herndon, jim homco, george hopley, richard hrabal, rika imai, alton jackson, larry jester, gary justice, michael kelly, grace kim, jeff king, madhup kumar, justin laverell, chris lenartowicz, peter makkai, dave mangskau, posey martinez, tom may, keller mayeaux, doug miller, jeffrey miller, narsimha misra, steve olinde, andy pace, juan padron, ricardo perez, joseph piotrowski, joe quenet, bill rust, david ryan, eric saibi, zachary sampson, anna santucci, janelle scheuer, erik serio, doug sewell, robert stalford, chad starnes, joe stepenovitch, mark symms, paul d thomas, greg trefz, maria valdes, joseph wagner, christopher watts, lloyd will, jay wills, george wood, alex wong, tracy ngo, karen lambert, lisa lees, valarie sabo, fran chang subject: southern california edison company x-sdoc: x-zlid: we have received the executed master power purchase and sale agreement dated from the referenced cp. copies will be given to legal and credit. this is an edison electric institute (eei) agreement. "" "	Business" gas department gas purchase program for immediate delivery to: csu's gas marketing representative short term gas proposal request general information: term: november to november delivery points: any into cig exceptions: powder river > volumes are baseload. volumes requested: mmbtu/day our target is : mmbtu for the month. (no guarantee on minimum volumes.) proposal deadline: a.m., mountain time: october *** proposals may be faxed to: *** please note new fax # "" "	Businessattachment not found! 	Neutralhere is the latest version that i had. is this up to date? 	Neutral" errol, here are the bankruptcy post-id's that need to be calculated tonight. you probably don't have access to the canadian book so you can get it from jeremy or use my computer. the right one has portcalc up, kkeiser & they might need to be on inexact for basis and index. once those are done, can you email the id 's to john powell, debbie brackett and stephanie mcginnis? thanks kam call me if you have any problems "" "	Business" today we announced the appointment of jeff mcmahon as enron's chief financial officer. in my continued discussions with the financial community yesterday and today, it became clear that this move was required to restore investor confidence. jeff has unparalleled qualifications and a deep and thorough understanding of enron. he is already on the job and hard at work on the issues before us. andy fastow will be on a leave of absence from the company. jeff had been serving as chairman and ceo of enron industrial markets. he joined enron in and spent three years in the london office as chief financial officer for enron's european operations. upon returning to the u.s., jeff was executive vice president of finance and treasurer for enron corp. in he was named president and chief operating officer of enron net works. i know all of you are concerned about the continuing decline in our share price. i am too, and we are working very hard to turn it around. appointing jeff as cfo is one important step in that process. but most of the solution involves just continuing to do our jobs with excellence. the fundamentals of our business are strong, and i think the market will begin to see that as we continue to perform. please join me in giving jeff your full support, and thank you for all of your continued hard work. "" "	Business[internetshortcut] personalurl 	Neutral" ever wonder . . . . Î£ do those sports drink like gatorade work? Î£ how much exercise is too much? Î£ if i want to bulk-up those muscles, is creatine safe? Î£ do weight gaining powders work? Î£ what about diet pills? then join dr. joel bloom for an enron espeak on tuesday, march at am when he will answer these questions and many more. just go to http://ethink.enron.com/. dr. bloom is an associate professor in the department of health and human performance at the university of houston. joel specializes in biomechanics, sports medicine, and aquatic therapy. he is a strong advocate for bringing back physical activity into public schools and is on the texas commission for bicycle safety. he has also published several books and numerous articles on sports performance, exercise, biomechanics, injury prevention, and training programs. dr. bloom will talk about: Î£ sports drinks vs. water/ truths and myths Î£ stretching/truths and myths Î£ myths about abdominal exercises Î£ supplements/ risks and benefits Î£ food label reading/fact or fiction? Î£ to breakfast or not to breakfast? so join us on tuesday, march on espeak. "	Personal